"Great ambience, good food! Tso's chicken is one of the best! Just tried the Mexican chicken pizza which is decently good. Apart from that, loved the lightings and table settings in the place. A good hangout , but make sure you book your tables on weekends."
I love this place. Whenever we go there we order the same thing. Pulled pork burger. It is amazing. I like their drink maanga. Its served in a bharani and it is sour not everyone may like it. I once suggested it to a friend and she didnt like it. Will definitely visit this place again.
"Tasty pizzas, authentic tasting Mediterranean platter, though there could be more pita bread to go with it and a very flavorful rice bowl (we tried the chili paneer version). The letdowns were the Mac n cheese fritters in which the macaroni had got cooked to a mush, and the Nutella chocolate old monk cake. There was no trace of Nutella and the cake itself was too dense.. Vegetarian options are quite limited..  Ambience is quite loud and asual and seating seemed limited.. Worth going once..
Food 4/5
Ambience 4/5
Service 4.5/5"
We ordered the butterfly chicken, keema bao, greek chicken burger and mutton curry rice.
The butterfly shaped cups were oily possibly having absorbed oil from the chicken topping. The keema bao is out of this world good. The Greek pesto chicken burger was nice but the chamraj mutton curry was way too homely for a dining out experience."
"Since I went there on a weekday so the place was comparatively empty and so we could choose any seating area. It’s a two floor restaurant with a goofy interior. The service was quite prompt and the food tasted amazing. We tried the Goan Chorizo Pav and chilly cheese dragons. The Pav was a nice twist to the Indian fast food and the rolls were literally “cheesy” and the sauce complimented it beautifully. 
Overall it was a nice experience :)"
"Awesome place for clubbing,
it was great experience, the dance floor was fully packed and dj was awesome
food quality is good and rates are afforable."
"Nice place to hangout with friends
Their nachos are a must have
They also have a foosball table which adds to the fun quotient
Its a bar with not very loud music which is great for conversations too
Reasonably priced menu
Definitely Recommended overall
P.s- this was on a sunday afternoon"
"One of the best places for a Saturday night. Amazing crowd, great DJ. 
The food is really nice. Especially the Asian tofu pizza. 
A place which gives me the typical English pub feels."
"Good Ambience
Good music
 I ordered a pizza, fries(veg) , and two desserts.
Pizza - just like any regular pizza
Fries - Really good
Churros - way toooooooo oily
Trifle - Good"
Monkey bar is a great place to chill with your peeps. I really liked the ambience. The food was really good and the service was great. They have good options for both veg and non-veg. I would say that it is a must visit place.
"We tried out a couple of things here but, the pork ribs were definitely something to remember about this place, sweet and sticky .... Maybe I should go get some right now .."
"Good for beer drinking and we ordered foam chicken which was super in taste and the cost also reasonable, nice place to sit and enjoy. The ambience is good"
"Good Music , Nice place , Decent Ambience , Great Crowd... Whatelse would you expect to have a great time .. well off course liqour nd food to sum it .. you get a 5 on 5... sadly though the some of the things (food) were not up to the mark .while the cheesey fries did not have alot of chesse and the bbq chicken nachos did not have enough nachos... The chicken 65 was different and serving that with idli might sound funny but aint funny as the combination did rilli go well... the burgers as described were brilliant... Pitcher on a sunday was over by 930 was not good .. but the cocktails kept us going... Nice place ... 

Service/ Staff alert:  Unfriendly staff, Slow service 

Ambience : 4
Food : 4
Music : 5
Liquor : 3.5
Service: 2.5
VFM : 4"
One of the happening clubs in Indranagar... I liked the ambiance. It will be a great place for you if you’re a fussball fan. Staffs are polite. Must visit place during Friday and Saturday nights. Little disappointed when I visited this place on a weekday... avoid weekdays but try it on weekends.
"An amazing place with a lovely ambience... Tried their soulful beef bowl which was yummmm...
Delicious food and great service.... A must visit place in indiranagar:)"
"The place has a lively crowd, good ambience, and really good food. The music in here is also good. I loved their signature dish ""Tiger beef"". Generally the food is pretty good and then the best part is they have a Foosball table"
"Monkey bar is one of my favourite places in Bangalore. This dingy cozy restaurant in Indiranagar is a perfect place for family lunches, get together, dates etc. They are quite trendy and updated with their music and impeccable service. 

Oh the food! The starters here are my favourite but most often fill myself up with it that I don’t even get to the main course. The mobar ribs is one my favourite pork ribs here in Bangalore. Their homemade sauce is just out of the world. The other starters to try are the tiger beef, butterfly chicken, tempura prawns and the bao’s. 
In main course one of my favourite is the mobar burger. It is quite juicy and delicious. 

The only con about this place, like every other happening place here in Bangalore 
Is that by 9pm on weekends the place is packed. So if you are heading here on weekends, please reserve a table or arrive at the earliest. 

Oh and DO NOT forget the pork ribs !!

Ambience -3.5/5
Food  -4/5
Service -4/5"
"The last time I had been here, it wasn't a great experience but yesterday was brilliant. This place puts good music, pocket friendly drinks and food all in a singly storey nutshell. Although the place is petty small, party scenes are bang on! For the fun we had yesterday, money spent was all worth it."
"One of the most favoured places in Indiranagar to party by most youngsters. This place has everything you need in a restaurant cum bar. Most well-known for their burgers, Monkey Bar has many other recipes in their menu that could please your tastebuds. As for partying, you will definitely enjoy dancing to the beats with a large group of friends. Ambience is pretty cool with quirky artworks hung on the walls."
Average ambience. Lip smacking nachos. Good pizza. Felt a little pricy for the quantity of cocktails they provide. Over all an average place. Service is too fast.
"Well even though it's not situated in proper indiranagar it's a really good place. I think it's the best bar around that location. A dark ambience. When you get inside. Lots of games to play. 

I ordered soulful bowl.
It was heavy.
Loved the taste. 
One thing it was written beef steak.
What I got was not a stake. Still it tasted good.

Ambiance- 4.5/5
Staff - 5/5
Food - 5/5
Presentation - 5/5"
"If I were living in the universe of F.R.I.E.N.D.S, this would be my Central Perk for sure. The food! Oh, the food!! First of all, we came to this place after having some starters at another cafe where we were pretty disappointed. We dived into the main course directly and damn it was yummy. The pizzas, the burgers, the fries! I could fill my stomach any day with just the fries there. The seating places on the first floor are a perfect spot for a gang of 7-8 people to spend a nice time catching up. There were only a few desserts on the menu and we ordered all of them and I still can't make peace with the fact that such amazing desserts could even exist. Definitely a must visit place for any food lover."
"Had Idaho burger and chicken wings. Absolutely loved the sauces. 
Also tasted mac and cheese cutlets which tasted really good with the chilli sauce. Would surely visit again. Cheers :)"
"Monkey Bar is a really nice place to hang out with your friends and have a good drink with some good food. From my experience, I can recommend it to everyone looking to have a good drink and some fun time. 
For food, The topped/loaded nachos are just a must for anyone and everyone. The nachos are really crispy and complemented very well with the myriad of sauces and garnishes. 
The monkey fries are also quite popular and tasty. They are an exotic mixture of cheesy fries with Indian spices making it really tasty and delicious.
Monkey bar also offers drinks ranging from light beers to cocktails and martinis. For all you non-alcoholics, they also have a wide range of mock tails and juices to choose from.
Overall, I recommend this place to everyone to have a good time and enjoy their meal."
"This place has a cozy dingy feel, updated playlist and delicious food. For starters we ordered the cheesy fries and chicken wings (bhut jolokia). To all the wings fan out there, blur your vision on the rest of the starter menu coz these were one of the best wings I've had. For mains we had pizzas : farmer's choice, Buffalo mozzarella and basil, Mexican chicken pizza and satay chicken. All of these things crust pizzas were simply sumptuous. Nothing to complain about. And as for the desserts because of their limited dishes in this section we ordered them all! And we loved them all. Since this restaurant is partnered with Zomato Gold we were very happy with the price too."
"Visited the place with my friend. Awesome food! Must try general Tao's paneer and Mangaa!
Great hospitality by monkey bar Indiranagar 12 main road Bangalore india"
Great food but maybe a little less in quantity but makes up for the quality. Nice ambiance but poor infrastructure. Couple tables are tiny makes us feel less welcomed. Our chairs and table were dwindling as it either was not on even ground or the have lost the rubber cushion of the legs. Service was fast but billing was slowly. Couldn’t get 15% off on Axis cards as promised as we didn’t tell them well in advance. Couldn’t pay by American Express card either as they have faulty pos machine. Good place for group of friends but not the best place for couples.
"Nice and thoughtful work has been done on interior similar to their name. 
We booked the table in advance as we were 6 of us and good work by team they gave the best seat. 
Coming over the food I had chicken butterfly and veg nachos had a Mexican touch.
They have alot of varieties in menu."
"Went here for dinner and was extremely disappointed. Service was very poor, dishes took too long to arrive. Food quality was not satisfactory either."
"Good music, great service and they are professional, must try chorizo pao and tiger beef. In terms of cocktails they have good choices ask the server to make any classic cocktails which is not in the menu they make them as well"
"Best chill out place I been to!! I went on a Wednesday hence I could choose any seat in the house. The place 👌!!
Service:5/5
Food:4/5
Cost :3.8/5
Atmosphere:5/5
Overall:4.2/5"
"In Monkey Bar, Bangalore, there are these mini burgers.. small sized, stuffed with juicy meat.. will only take you just two bites but will leave you asking for more.. life's not fair.. you want to order one more portion, but you don't because you know that the pork ribs you must order are plain heavenly, and the mini burgers must make way for the pork ribs.. when the ribs arrive, you don't know what is better, the sweet meaty aroma of the pork bathed in barbecue sauce or just the plain sight of it.. and when you gently nudge the ribs with your fork, the meat obeys your appetite like a genie and slips off the bone into a delicious little bite size of gastronomical proportions..!"
"Visited this place on a weekend with some friends.
Ambience : 3.5/5
We sat on the ground floor. Nothing special. Place felt a little cramped. 

Service : 5/5 
All our dishes and drinks were served on time. Staff took our customization requirements for food and served it as we wanted.

Drinks : 5/5
Almost all the drinks were available

Food : 4/5
We ordered Loaded Nachos, Cheesy Fries, Mobar Burger. Everything was very good."
Food is very good and tasty . Service also good . But place is little bit congested. Also the music is ok ok .But its value for money.Nachos were superb.
"This place helds special memories for me. Mostly jampacked , the best thing about this place is d music.its insane, ll drive u crazy after a couple of drinks..😛"
"Not much options in mocktails. 
Food tent to be on the spicier side.
Bacon with fries was nice. 
Ambience is ok ok.  And service too. 
Nothing so fascinating for a second visit."
The is the place I take my friends everytime they visit bangalore. This place never disappoint you. Food served is really great and filled with drink options. If you like to experiment with your drinks go to mobar section and order for sure u will like whatever you order. Everytime I go to this place I come back with a good experience and lots of drunken memories.
"Amazing ambience, possibly the best crowd right now in Bangalore on a Friday night, great music if you like a blend of old school as well as house! 

I need to write about the food separately. I’ve been on the hunt for something refreshingly awesome that blew my mind (or tastebuds) and I finally stumbled upon Monkey Bar’s menu. For the first time in ages I found my tastebuds being introduced to something excitingly new and tasty af. Their Laal Maas Phulkas and Kheema Bao are amazing! 

I’m definitely visiting this place more often and trying out their entire menu by the end of the year."
One of the good places in bnglr to get a decent crowd.Food is good. Chilly beef was better in the lot.Even though it was crowded our order was not delayed at all.Only drawback is the dj has samw set of songs from a long time
"Came here looking for some good burgers! Ordered the Mobar burger. Double beef patty with bacon in the middle and topped with grilled onions! Oh! Delicious!! Absolutely delicious! So good! Currently the best burger I've had in Bangalore. One thing though, the lower half of the bun was too thin and it would just collapse as I picked the burger up. That's gotta be fixed.

The soup, the hearty bowl veg wasn't upto the mark. My main issue was the temperature. The soup wasn't hot. It took me a total of 30 secs maybe to gulp it down and throw in the momo as well. 

Would I come back? Yes, absolutely! The bar menu looks good too. Gotta come back for that."
Ambience is on point. It has a good vibe. This place is known for its burgers. My friend ordered a pork burger and it was good but my chicken burger was very average and I didn’t dig it at all. Service is good!
"Went here on Christmas. They have two floors of seating with really good ambience. 
We ordered a pitcher of beer, a few cocktails and finally LIIT shooters. The shooters and cocktails were all pretty well made.
Coming to the food, I found their pork ribs to be amazing! The nachos and pizza were also pretty good. 
With a foosball table also present, we had a great time at Monkey Bar. A really nice place to chill while in Indiranagar"
"Good food, ambience and music. Saturdays might get a bit crowded though so time your visit accordingly. Standard lagers nothing fancy there."
Full of thieves. Make sure to order your drinks at least one hour ahead of time. They get them last minute and change the price on you. Also get them 5 mins before closing time when you ordered 30 mins ago. Sucks basically. Bangalore has a lot of better options.
"Good place to hangout with friends on weekends or on occasions ! 
If you are a music lover you'll love the place since they have good country and rock music , 
Got to eat one of the best chicken nachos ever !"
"Had been on a Saturday night. Busy place, the food looked good. Was told to wait in the Smoking area till they could get a table. Smoking area! That was it for me."
"Quaint interiors and a VFM  pub. Their presentation style is pretty good. We visited the place on a weekend , however was half empty even for a Saturday evening. The service was prompt and nothing to complain about food and drinks.

Food: 3.5/5 (Zomato Gold 1+1)
Drinks: 3/5
Music:3/5
Ambiance: 3/5
Service: 4/5"
"One of the economical pubs in Indira Nagar, Bangalore. The food is delectable. I love their mutton bahu. One of the best mutton bahu I have ever eaten. Staffs are obsequious. The place is too crowded. Not a place for family get together."
"Visited this place on the Christmas Eve. To our surprise it was half empty. Otherwise This place is generally buzzing with a sizeable crowd on any given day.

So we ordered a whole lot of things . Must tell the burgars were a treat to the taste buds. Equally well prepared were the French fries , nachos, Pizza and spring roll. 5/5 for the food. Truly magnificent.

We had the regular pitcher .. not sure it was just me or something else but I found the beer to be good as well that day. 😂"
"Got a chance to visit this place on Christmas. Good music .  Ordered few veg and non veg burgers.
The best part was the butterfly chicken. Overall

Ambience : 4/5
Food : 3/5
Service : 4/5"
"It was a Friday evening and they did not have KF Premium or Budweiser! Was forced to drink KF Ultra for a typical Indiranagar price. We also ordered nachos, which were just average. Scooted out just after 1 drink.

An extra rating point because of good ambiance, otherwise would've been 1-star"
"Awesome ambiance for having drinks and food with drinks, it's not a regular dinner place to have only food. Beer verity are very less only few types they have."
Good place to go with friends. Food needs improvement but LIIT was fabulous. Do play a game of pool. Ambience ok and decorations are great too.
"You normally associate a good pub going experience when someone mentions Monkey Bar but what we discovered is that Monkey Bar is a great place to have dinner as well. We explored several dishes including berry pulao, lal maans phukla, crab rangoon to name a few and were absolutely delighted with the result. The food can compete with any diner."
"The ambience, the music was top notch last Friday night and so was the service! I love their tiger beef, but the vegetarian dishes got to get better, regardless this place is a 5!"
"If the American's colonised our land and presented us with the culture of 'pubbing', they'd probably still not achieve what Monkey Bar has. A perfect bar with the right loud music and ambience for partying, dinner and binge-drinking. A tad bit on the expensive side, but the memories outshine the money. A must go on the 12th Main Saga..."
"Have been here once and tried their manga! 
A unique taste that is tangy and it masks the alcohol taste for some extent! 
If u haven't tried it yet and like to offer uniqueness to ur palate, pls try this on ur next visit!"
We somehow managed to get a place near the bar counter. Manga drink is a must try for vodka lovers. Ambience and the music was good. Will visit again!
We were a group of 8 visited this place on Wednesday. Great ambience and they had some decor done up for Christmas as well. The food is worth it and we all enjoyed the food we ordered. There were couple of other nationals with us and they too had high opinions about the pizza and chicken finger foods. The DJ was good too. It was great outing for a Wednesday!
"I had gone on a weekday for one of my friends bday.
It has two floors, we chose to be downstairs. This floor had a bar counter along with 5-6 square share dining place to accommodate 6-8 on each. 
As expected the crowded was less on a weekday. We ordered for hot wings in BBQ sauce, veg farm special pizza, fries and cream filled mushrooms along with beer. 
All in all a nice place to hangout, need to visit again to give conclusive review about service and other things when they operate at their capacity. For this time it was all good except they do not take orders after 10:30 pm."
"The menu prices and what they charge is different, they charge higher rates! This is so cheating! It is like someone is slightly drunk and didn't check the final bill completely, then you rip them off?"
"Amazing place for a fun packed party weekend. I have been here couple of my friend on a Friday night!! The place was lit with good music, Ambience, energetic staff and ofcourse amazing food. Tried the loaded chicken nachos first which was excellent with my beer. Then tried the butterfly chicken this was a unique yet yummy starter. Then had tso chicken which was a Chinese styled manchurian which has hot and spicy flavour which was the favourite for us. Sad that we couldn't be der for main course. But definitely i will come back for more of the dishes for sure.
Ambience - 4.5/5
Service - 4/5
Taste - 4.5/5"
"A top-notch place to have good food topped with good music and great service! One of the best things to try is the Soulful Bowl. Definitely lives up to the hype. We ordered Soulful Bowl with Naga Pork, Hot Wings with Bhut Jolokia sauce, and Old School Burger. Keep in mind that the Hot Wings are really hot! The burger is also nicely prepared and you wouldn't regret eating it. 
About the music, it's mostly classic rock music, which is great. Although I visited on a Monday evening, maybe their music taste changes during the weekend just to attract a much wider audience. 
The staff is trained, and well versed with things. 
A must visit place!"
"Short: Good food, good drinks. Vibe: chilled out.
Long: The place has the same drink as any other bar in the area, they’ve a DJ too but nothing crazy. However they’ve a foosball table where you can kill hours with your gang. So if you wanna spend some good time with your gang then this place might serve your purpose."
"Visited this bar on friday eve at around 10pm. But they were full. Luckily we got 1 table for standing n njoying the music n drinks. They had whole bar full of customers so quiet difficult to attend everyone. Thats y food and drinks served late. Dj was cool and playing good tracks. They have 2 floors, bartender on both the floors, dj has his separate space. 1st floor inner cube was more happening with loud music. You can also play foosball along with  have smoking zone. Their cheesy items were damn too cheesy. At around 12 environment actually takes its shape but dj shut it down at sharp 1am. Bill did not empty my pockets, quiet in budget. Will definitely next tym but only if i get comfortable seating place."
"Wait. What am I missing here? What is the 4.2 rating based on? It breaks me to even give this place a 1 star rating. 

What didn’t go well for me - 

A) The guys who were serving us were completely lost. 

B) i had to remind the waiter twice to get me some water.

C) The place is completely empty but they claim the seats to be reserved. 

D) Tables are dusty. I was sneezing here all the time.

E) No draught beer. Like, why? Why bro!?

Overall a very bad experience for me and I’m never coming back here for the shady music that they have."
It was a pleasant place should visit once but if your under 21 they are not gonna allow you for sure😂 one of a best chilling spot you fine in indiranagar
"Monkey bar is a simple and pocket-friendly place to chill out with your friends. This place is for you if you are a draught beer fan, as this is the only drink they serve. The food is good, music is better and beer🍺 as always the best. Overall a value for money."
"Monkey Bar all across India has launched a very unique festival – ‘One Bowl Winter’.  What a fabulous way to welcome winter, with a curation of 12 hearty one-bowl meals that will take you back in time! We always crave for comfort food and what better way than indulging in some of our favorite evergreen meal choices.
                                                                ...Read full post on buttertheory.com"
Oh the wall! The posters on it. The scooter in the dj deck. The low light ambience and the really awesome cocktails. Oh wow! I love to be there.
"It rarely happens that we vegetarians get good options in a bar/club in Bangalore...this place is great considering that.
the variety for vegetarians is quite adequate which any veggy would appreciate..
now to the main point.. the food is great.
monkey says cheese, mac m cheese croquettes, general Taos paneer and the soulful bowl... all yum.. the pizza is also good...
although its a bar.. the food is great!! 
good work guys!!"
"The Ambience is a odd mix of Godfather Posters , Justice league poster , the Ryan Gosling poster ""hey girl , let's stop patriarchy "" , A fooz table, two levels and again two segments on the 2nd level 
They have an array of cocktails like Manga.
I had the Madmen yesterday and she had the Sangria slush and my friend had a few beer pitchers 
We were gluttons as we ploughed through General Tsao s Chicken , Nagarjuna inspired chilly chicken with Kerala Paratha and Plantain Chips , Butterfly Chicken ..we almost went for the churros but didn't ;)
No place boss , fully stuffed"
"We had a team dinner at Monkey Bar last month. The mains i ordered came very very late. By the time it arrived, my team mates had started having their deserts! We kept asking the waiter why it was getting delayed and he only had a mysterious smile in reply. I found it very annoying. Pathetic customer service from these folks 😐😐"
"I've come here a couple of times and everytime its been great. The food is great , service is fast and the music is awesome. The calamari is a must try. Great place ."
"Food: 8.5/10
Service: 5/10
Ambience: 7/10
Value for money: 8/10

Amazing place with food to die for, at a very good price point. Friendly service, but I think I caught them at a bad time, and didn't have a very good experience.

What I ordered:
Caramelized Pork Ribs: 9/10 - One of the best ribs I've had, but had a little too much fat.
Tiger Beef: 8/10 - Tastes great, pretty spicy.
 Nutella Old Monk Cheese Cake: 8/10 - Cake is a little too dry, but tastes delectable.

Overall, great place to just hang out."
"Nice Place, there really an good experince..good drinks,good food,good music,Excellent Service,good staff overall an good experince.hope to see u again."
"The rating is only for its amazing ambiance. Just loved the whole feel and look of the place! Wish could say the same about the food and drinks! We ordered 3 starters and none were great. The nachos are just pathetic. Coming to drinks, they dont have much options in mocktails - the non-alcoholic mojito was nothing to boast about. All in all, a place to hangout for a few drinks and amazing ambiance."
"Issue with regard to bill payment:
Not sure if this is the right forum but didn't have another option.
I was at Monkey Bar Indira Nagar last weekend and during the payment of the bill my card had been swiped twice, the waiter claimed the fact that both times the payment didn't go through.So I ended paying in cash for a sum of 590.Later when I checked my bank balance statement it showed that the money was debited in the second swipe .I left Monkey bar and was around the same area for sometime but still noticed payment not received.I dropped by Monkey bar conveyed this to the same waiter and asked him to give my cash back but he assured that the money would get credited back .I waited for a week and still there has been no credit into my account . Kindly address this issue"
"Great place serving delicious food with a twist. Buzzy place that's a nightclub by night and a regular restaurant by day.

Recos: loaded nachos, fries. Meal bowls especially the Yakhni and the Sorshe Fish."
"An amazing place, where the food is a mix of continental Asian mixed with Indian, and drinks are uniquely made.

We ordered the butterfly chicken and the monkey bar signature beef dish (don't remember the name). Both were succulent and out of the world.  I had an amazing combination or local mango and vodka which totally blew my mind.

Overall - Very Good.

A very happy and satisfied customer."
"Stopped over just to have their brilliant dessert ‘Trifle’, the rich cake fruits and cream is too good to resist. The service is so friendly and exceptional that you feel welcomed from the very moment you enter in. I decided to try their cheese Pao Bhaji and it came with 6 Pao and lot of Bhaji served nicely, Bhaji was too good with right amount of cheese and Pao was not too greesy. Satisfied we decided to come and spend our afternoon here soon."
"Went there on Sunday around noon. Started with a cappuccino  which was surprisingly strong and tasted great.  Continuing with the theme of coffee. Ordered Mad men. It was good. But needed a slight punch. Added a twist of lime and it tasted perfect
Coming to the food. We ordered three main courses and a starter. The star of the show for everyone was the crab Rangoon. Which had melt in your mouth cheesey crab meat with just a hint of ginger in every bite. 
Next the mobar ribs which stayed true to its name of no nonsense pure caramelized ribs as promised. 
The Cuban sandwich was good. But a bit average compared to the other two
The pizza neopolitan. While I didn't taste. Looked nice and thin crust with a generous amount of topping.
All in all a good visit. Would definitely recommend the crab Rangoon. And visit again :)"
Great music! has a smoking section with a bar. The bartenders were kind enough to keep a tab. Post 12 there is no food served so we have to look out for a place to eat. Would be great if the extebd some munchies for the late comers. Corona is about 450 so you can go imported.
"Visited this place on a weekend. As expected bit crowded and one have to wait to occupy seats. As mentioned in the menu, KF draught mug or pitcher not available. In fact very limited variety of Beer available, I mean it’s a big disappointment. Ordered Loaded Nachos and Cheesy Fries which were fine and tastes good. Only shining part which stood out is the music DJ playing, loved it totally."
"One of my favourite go-to-place in bangalore.
Specially love the breakfast menu on Sundays. 
Amazing friendly staff, quality and yummy food. Cheers."
one of the best! environment is sparkling. u can go anytime without hesitation. the bar will never lwt you down. with proper DJ sound quality and the service the bar stands at top of my list with a perfect budget not to knuckle your head twice.
"The Place is good and full of fun, drinks and food are also very good, but the main problem with the place is it is very small and overcrowded after sometimes you will feel suffocated. The bouncer and the administration have no respect for their customers. We made a bill for 8500/- but waiter deduct 85000/- and instead of apologizing they are  defending themselves. The management should look into these issues"
"this is one the best pubs in indiranagar in my opinion.
the food is very colourful and mouthwatering here and so is the booze too ! 
the ambience is pretty different compared to the other drinking places ."
"Nice place to be, specially foos ball lovers u can take your chances to play, food is awesome tried pizza was good...

Ambiance 4
Food (Pizza) 5
Crowd 5

But they don’t have dedicated parking place for bike, I paid 750 bugs to cops, because hotel security said to park my bike opp to bar and when u came back the bike was not there, spoke with Manager he was giving some bullshit reasons....

If you guys really customer oriented reimburse my 750 bucks..."
"Terrible place to visit on a Friday night / a saturday night. They keep letting people in even when they are fully aware that they can't accommodate them. And they rip u off like anything. My card got swiped for ₹85,557.90 instead of ₹8,557.90 (attached is the screenshot in case anyone thinks I am exaggerating). Although they apologised the staff is rude and equally ill behaved . When I made the reservation I made perfectly clear that we were a group of couples and stags. But everytime u go out for a smoke the bouncer stops u and harasses the heck out of u if u dnt have a girl by ur side."
"Amazing ambience and yummy food, especially the pav bhaji with cheese grits and mutton burger. Worth coming again and again. The staff is amazingly helpful and polite."
"The place does full justice to lighten up your mood with good food and really cool music. We ordered Mac and Cheese Croquettes which were mainly made up of Brocolli, Peas, and Macroni. It was fried nicely, wasn't too oily and was flavourful. We then opted for a Med Platter which was beautifully presented and had Falafel, Spinach and Cheese parcels along with Hummus & pita bread. It was served with some smoked baba ghanoush and olives.  I didn't really like the Cappuccino as it just warm and not hot. Service was quick and praiseworthy. The only con with this place is that it at it could be a little difficult to spot on.
Overall Verdict :
Ambiance: 4/5
Food: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Value for Money: 3/5"
My wife's sister introduced us to this place. The DJ is amazing! Prices are a little on the high side - but the music makes going there worth it for me..
"Have been here once, unfortunately, did not drink during that visit. We tried their burgers which were quite good and peach ice team some red bull mocktail that I forgot to wash them down"
"A good place to hangout on weekend evenings. Loved the ambiance. Food was also quite good, cheesy fries, nachos, pizza and Nutella Old Monk cake is absolutely worth trying. Overall a good pocket friendly place."
It's a nice place but when it's get crowded the service get too late that you may even forget what did you order.. food tastes average......
"I'm a regular at Monkey Bar and love their spread. I've never really been disappointed by any of their menu items. The one thing I definitely miss on their menu is the chicken liver pate on toast. My personal favourites include Malabari Kheema Samosa, Chandraji's Mutton Curry, peppered calamari and the chocolate pot de Creme with salted caramel. The ambience is great and it is perhaps the ideal place to catch up with friends. The only other thing I'd love to see at Monkey Bar is being able to catch up on cricket telecast."
"Love this place as always but had bad experience yesterday. We came outside the bar a bit late as we had to clear the bills. When we came out my female friend started puking and we were waiting for the cab. As she started puking we couldn’t move from the stairs of monkey bar and we requested the bouncers that we would sit here down till the cab comes and he said okay for that. ( that was sweet) But meanwhile the police jeep arrived and with curiosity I said WTF. The cop heard me say WTF and he came out with the cane and he did beat us. I’m trying to say here that as a part of your restaurant and we being your regular customer atleast you shdn't have allowed this to happen in your premises, near Monkey bar stairs. Atleast your team shd have avoided the cop hitting us."
"Superb ambience,fast service ,good food and presentation,nice music.There is absolutely nothing u won't like about it. Butter chicken khichdi is must try.loved the place"
"Great place. 
Spent a weekend with friends over some couple of drinks. Good snack menu and music is just apt. 
A great place to leave the stress behind.
Cheers
Chef Kapil Sahi"
"Late review though !
Its a fab bar to hangout ! Small place, with not so crowded ! Music was good too ! 
Cocktails were good too! I would recommend Kokum cocktail! Food was tasty and well cooked. 
Panner Bao and Pork ribs(ordered twice by my friends, as i am a veggie) i would recommend ! 
Service was good ! 
Overall a very good experience and colorful place😃"
"On a gloomy Wednesday afternoon we decided to go to fatty bao it was shut so we ended up going to monkey bar instead cause it was in the same building as fatty bao.As soon we entered we were greeted by a not so happy man who was pretty much lazy to help us,later we helped ourselves and sat in the first floor which was pretty bright and nice ,the decor was soo quirky and eye-catching I totally fell in love with it.Now coming to the food we ordered general tso's paneer and monkey says,""cheese""fries both of the starters tasted sooo good and for the main course we had go veg(v) burger which was amazing never expected it to be that good it totally blew my mind and to accompany all the amazing food we had peach iced tea and virgin mojito. For dessert we had Nutella and old monk cake it was the star of the day it tasted very very nice.This place has definitely become my favorite and  I'll definitely get back again ND again."
"Sunday Breakfast: one of the best in Bangalore, its only available on Sunday till 12 PM, so make sure you reach there early. I love this place for breakfast as its not crowded and music is perfect. Food is top notch and their French Toast (Toast to France) is absolutely amazing, melt in mouth amazing. Service is great and would definitely recommend to give a try"
"It’s decent but not as good as TOIT. Drinks are slightly expensive and has a dancing space but we somehow didn’t like the music.

I don’t have a pic to post ... sorry for the proxy pic!"
"Been a regular at this place every time I visit Bangalore. This time around was different! They charged us 3 extra beers. We ordered 15 and the bill presented was for 18. When we tried to explain, the manager said, ""we are not desperate for money, we have enough! "" The response says it all! The most ridiculous staff I've ever seen! You definitely can't beat this! Good luck!"
"I went to this place on a monday evening when it was less crowded then weekends..nice ambience with good music ,service was also good..liked the decor of place as well"
"It's a quite good moderate size place to hangout with your friends, except for the weekends when it's gets too crowded. On weekends orders take a long time and gets very congested and they run out of draught pretty fast. The place has a European bar feel and some bands perform live few days a week. It's a great place on weekdays."
Over the phn they said stags are allowed when we came they did not allow us....when I gave my vehicle for valet parking they could have informed us that time also that stags not allowed...it is also not possible to come every time with your girlfriend what about other friends? Bad experience my friends came from abroad and this was my city I was showing . I would never recommend to anybody. Very bad attitude of the guy(bouncer) who was standing out..
"This peculiarly named pub is one of my most-liked places in Bengaluru!!!! 

During the weekends this place is absolutely jam-packed. The DJ is top-level, literally everyone at this place would be on their toes after 10pm.
The food and drinks menu are precisely crafted. Both were ideally scrumptious. I've been here thrice and this place haven't gutted me at all.

***DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED***"
Not a good place to hang out the ambines is not tat good the rates are very high and not tasty food the cocktail is also not good I wasted my money going hear
"This is right on the 80ft road and don't think can be missed out..Nice cozy place to relax and have a drink..has two floors inside..although it's not spacious but gives you a good feeling through its ambience..I went to this place with a friend for a birthday treat and really liked this place a lot..staff are courteous and service is quite quick..

We had LIITs and Hangover in drinks..Hangover was little bitter but different..it was a mix of rum,vodka,beer and Tabasco..LIIT was nicely made..

To munch we had butterfly chicken and keema Pav..butterfly chicken was a sweet spicy minced chicken in butterfly shells..keema Pav was served with a mutton broth which was awesome..we asked to repeat the same just coz of the broth..

Music was perfect..a group was performing when we were there ..

Overall a really nice place to hang around with friends..cheers team Monkey Bar!"
"The interior is what gets to you first. The flying cute little cupid pigs are absolutely adorable. 
The food is mouth watering and scrumptious. My favourite was the butterfly chicken and the BBQ wings. 
The burgers, pizzas and the soul bowl are beyond amazing. 
I will definitely be coming here again, if I am in the city."
We started with Mojitos and it was lovely. pizzas were quite different from any I've eaten. We loved the music and the setting. Would probably go there again.
Had been here several times experience was always awesome. Food is modern Indian with twist. Amazing food with some Mangaa make a day. Service is good
"Daaru..soru(food)..billiards..
The place where you can more fun. It's ideal to visit with your friends because you can party and play some games."
Visited this place on a Saturday evening with a bunch of friends. The place was so jam packed. We were not even able to move.. Somehow we got the seats but the place was too dark and we were not able to figure out exactly. The light was not even proper to see the menu. We ordered few drinks which were okayish and a buffalo wings for starters. Overall very okay experience. I would not like to visit the place again.
Good place to hangout and chill with friends. This place also has pool table and recommended for those who love it. Usually crowded during weekends.
Good dim lit ambience with good food and drinks...Good place for dates and hanging out with friends...The ambience n food options induce you to stay back longer if you have great comoany as well  😉☺👍
"amazing place. Excellent service. Good food. 
We are visted there evening lime. 
Wander full crowd in this place. We order some stater  
And classic cocktails. Hot chick wings also good. Dance floor is better then any others place. 
All is well. 😀😀😀😀😁😁😁
Make sure we are coming soon. 
👌👌👌👌👌👌👌"
Nice decor.. Had great time.. Service was good.. I loved their table set up too.. They have 2 floors.. Good pace to hang around with friends.. Swarup Chatterjee
The crowd gets crazy here. Please book a table before going here because there's always a huge crowd here. The drinks are good but don't order a long island iced tea. The food is good too. The dj got crazy and then belted out some old rock hits. The crowd is lively as well.
"We actually went to Monkey bar on a sunday and that too pretty late so this review could be slightly biased
Food: We ordered a bunch of things - general tsoschicken, coorg pandi curry, paneer bao, veg pizza, maanga cocktail, some redbull based mocktail and some usual drinks. Overall the food was quite good. We just wished we got there sooner so we didnt have to hurry through it
Service: Nobody likes it when the bar lights turn on and its time to leave but otherwise decent service
Ambience: typical bar/pub ambience. crowd was thin on that Sunday. I assume on friday and saturday it wouldve have been dificult to get a place to sit."
The ambience is rustic and looks like an old pub on lanes of England. Awesome place to hangout with friends. Their smoking room has a mini bar.
"The Monkey Bar - Indiranagar has a very good ambience with a cool atmosphere !!
The place was clean n tidy !!
MOBAR is a 2 storied space.

Serves good and tasty food 🥘 
Our orders were-
Chilli cheese dragons;
Loaded nachos;
General TSO's paneer;
Ballentine's scotch on the rocks.

I request the MOBAR service team to stay attentive instead of being just present physically !!"
"Been there a couple of times. But never thought of writing a review. Well, Everytime I go there I feel 'a happy go' place. Nice music, cocktails are always tantalizes ur alcoholic taste buds. Starters accompanies well. Good hangout place for me."
"I should have visited this place earlier,  nice food,  nice  interiors,  strong cocktails,  mix of all genres of music,  all in all a well balanced place,  however they need to control the entries since it gets extremely packed."
"Been here in a group of 4, has some good options for cocktails. Didn't find the food options to be as great, but drinks, DJ, and ambience makes up for it. Has a smoking corner and Foosball table on the first floor. There s no separate area for dancing, but ppl make do with the open space in the lower floor. Overall a good place to visit over weekends for a drink or two."
"Awesome ambience.. loved it 
This is a place with loud music and good food. It also has a dance floor. Perfect place to hang out on a weekend with your friend or your partner."
Cool place with youthful interior design .. I tried curry martini .. seven kingdom and hangover .. soothing drinks with prawns ghee roast made our visit valuable.. and also we tried other dishes which tasted very nice .. recommended place to hang out with gang of friends ..
"What an amazing place....
After a very long discussion, We walked into this place to celebrate our friend's birthday. This place was on fire. This place has been designed to perfection to suit the palate of all kind of age groups. Their old school ambience and seating gives great aesthetic pleasure. Their food is simply delicious. We ordered a couple of dishes. Chilli cheese dragons and Mac n Cheese croquettes were the best among all. They have a very sweet and short collection of cocktails, Pack a punch was a must try and you can go for a pitcher if you're in a group. Super fast service, friendly & helping staff. Their live music steals the show. Nice artists, good music, drinks and delicious food made our day. Thank you for making this day memorable for my friend. Sarvath Upanshu Kashyap"
"Went to this place after saw its name in one of my friends FB post. Best place to have finger foods. 
Lebanese sandwich, burgers, Irish Coffee omg mind blowing. 
Eagerly waiting to try their scotch eggs. 
I really like their 40's style
Painting and movie posters."
"Great place! Amazing ambience, they have a classic music collection. Started with nachos. They make their own nachos so it tastes delicious (must try). Even if you are not a nacho lover I'd still recommend it. Then we ordered a pizza and finally with trifle which is a guava desert. Overall it was an amazing place. Totally deserves the hype it has. 
Con- please put up a board. I was right in front of it couldn't spot!"
Oh yeah!!as previous reviews yes!!staffs look rude here but not everyone..only one guy on the first floor... we waited for 15 to 20 minites to place our order but no one even looked at me or my friend so we decided to go down strares..here staffs wefe kind enough to attend us especially bar tenders.....amazing cocltails i had here...2 long island ice tea i.e borboun and 7 and shooter wise drink and die  just wow!!!....mushroom cheese was yummy😍😍😍😍😍❤❤❤
"There are these few places that you'd want to visit again and again. Monkey bar is such a place. 
If you're looking for good peaceful ambience and great food when you're out on a date, then this is not the best place in Bangalore.
But, if you're out with your friends, ready to get drunk, party hard, dance and meet random interesting people, then this is 'the place'. Great crowd, good service, decent food, decent pricing and an awesome DJ."
"Excellent Ambience. The atmosphere is perfect if you are looking for starting your weekend on a high. Food was also good, not excellent. One thing where they need to improve is their beers as there were not much variety."
"Monkey Bar, the most happening place in Bangalore. If you’re looking at letting your hair down and groove it's the place to go and they play some great music as well. The place gets real crowded during the weekends, but hey you can't complain! It is the best place in town. The drinks, food, ambience, vibe, everything is amazing."
"Love the red rice salad here , the burgers are usually good too . My only issue here has been the service , which is a tad bit slow & the servers don't show any urgency ..all in all a great experience otherwise"
"Visited Monkey Bar on a weekend. The place was pretty crowded. Service was pretty good and quick. Ambience was ok. Food tasted good but was priced a little higher. However, the taste made up for it."
"Great place , deserves a better overall rating !
Food is good , Cocktails are brilliant ! Music selection is great , and this place is absolutely a live wire post 11 pm ..."
"Great place and great  ambience! 
Amazing starters and cocktails and must try is the cheese dragons - it was my personal favourite in this place"
Amazing place to hangout with friends  and has foosball table there . If you are planing to visit weekend come a bit early otherwise you have to wait for the table . Must try : nachos overloaded and pizza . With beer . (Awesome) . Smoking area is also there. DJ is also good . Recommended to everyone.
"Overall rating-
Food- 5/5
Ambience- 3/5
Service- 3.5/5
Value for money- 4.5/5

Meal rating-
Katsu rice bowl- 4.9/5
Keema samosa- 4.5/5
Wanton soup- 4.9/5
Mee Goreng- 4.2/5
Caesar salad- 3.5/5"
"Always a good place to chill, wherever their outlet is in India. The Indiranagar place has a good combination of bar nibbles and cocktails with a very chill ambience. Weekends are packed with people dancing and going crazy. Weekdays dont disappoint with the food or cocktails, be it their famous Mangaa or Hipster Smash.

My review for what I have tried:

Food:

Cheese Chili Dragons - 3/5
Butterfly Chicken        - 4.5/5
Tiger Beef - 4/5
Farmer's Pizza            - 4/5
Old School Burger     - 4/5 (medium rare)

Cocktails:

Mangaa         -  4.5/5
Hipster Smash-  4.5/5
Mad Men        - 4/5"
"Pork lovers pizza -light, satisfying starter-sized pizza.
Pork ribs (starter)- juicy, fall-off-the-bone tender meat. So good!
Grape mojito-  refreshing and when you're not sure what to have, mojito it is.
Maanga paani -raw mango special! If you're one to have relished biting green mangoes when you were young, this drink  is for you.

Ambience- neat, comfy, easy on the eye, conversation friendly."
"Great food. The cocktails were a slight let down. The liquor content seemed to be on the lower side . The quantity was not that great either. However, the food more than made up for the below average cocktails."
"It's one of my favorite places to go for brunch... great food and good cocktails. 

I tried the Pickled Beef and the Nutella and Rum Cake among other things and they were just so yummy."
"Yummy burgers, fantastic atmosphere and great music. Absolutely loved the place. Definitely going back!! 
Taste: 4/5
Ambience:4/5
Service: 4/5"
"On a dry day, when most of the famous pubs in Bangalore were closed, we landed @ Monkey bar, of course craving for good drinks, Music and Dance. The place was crowded on a Saturday night buzzing with party animals and that added an awesome vibe. Loved the place when it was in Richmond road and they have managed to capture the same ambiance here too. Drinks (beer, rum & coke, vodka with lime juice, tequila shots) were well made although service was damn slow given the crowd situation. The music was good and we had a great time. Cant wait to visit back."
"They have done sterling work to maintain the atmosphere of the pub. The music is too good to handle and you can enjoy every moment since you enter into the pub. The drinks are little bit costly but the overtone of pub makes it totally bearable. 
P.S. Only couple entry."
"Another one that'd been on my bucket list for months now. We went on a weekday afternoon for lunch and started off with the infamous maanga drink. It was amazing, to say the very least. The cheesy nachos and the fries were filling and were the best cheesy dishes I have had in a while. The ambience was brilliant. The only thing I did not like was the one of the staff who kept following us around which honestly wasn't very nice."
"Beef burger - Old school , the way it shpuld be 👌👍
Great drinks ! Great ambience 👍
All in all a place with great vibe and good food !!!!!!"
Obsessed is the word for this place have been here multiple times with different bunch of people.... one in common was Fun !!!! Specially the Pav bhaji ..... at a Bar with such an ausum taste was expectations turning out to be reality 😄
"One great dish and good drinks can get me to keep coming to a place over and over again

The Naga Pork Bowl you get here is one of the best pork dishes I have had . Its got some nicely cut crispy crackling juicy pork smothered with spicy jolokiah served along with sticky rice, pickled veggies, kimchi , and a 6 minute egg giving that gooey yolk. This combo is just heavenly and reminds me that food can be comforting. Making my next visit here just to try this out again. I think you should too."
A great place to party during weekend. Nothing is special about their bar menu but they will impress you with their food. I would like to visit this place often for their pizza.
"Perfect example for a Neighbourhood Bar :) Enjoyed the service & Drinks here. The upstairs section is much cozy & the most important thing, the toilets are always clean & smell good :) 

Must try their Paneer Bao 👌"
"Love the vibe. Love the food. Love the ambience. We ordered the Old School burger which is your typical cheeseburger with a really juicy and delicious beef patty, served with coleslaw(which was a little bland) and fries(which made up for the coleslaw). The Pork Lovers pizza is worth a try, but I would suggest you have the burger at the end so that amazing flavour stays. Slightly expensive but worth it."
"Food: 3.75/5
Ambience: 5/5
Service: 6/5

Great drinks. Amazing pizza. Excellent service. Average portion size in the main course. Excessively high prices. And great ambience. 

Try any pizza. The crust is amazing and you can choose from the toppings of your choice. We also tried the fish and chips. The chips were stale which was a turn off but the fish was good. Another thing we had was one of the dumpling soups. Not as phenomenal as the ones you get at a Tibetan restaurant but still good and filling. 

The service was the highlight. Both the servers who were assigned to our table were polite, well mannered and attentive. 

Ambience is great. Music as well. Definitely must visit."
"Monkey bar is the go-to place for a fun weekend in Bangalore! If you need a table you need to arrive early or make reservations. However, there is always place in the smoking zone to just hangout ,have a drink, play some foozeball and shake your booty to the music! By 10:30 everyone is out of their chairs and dancing! So, I have been to this place a lot of times and I love their cocktail menu. I must say they put the right amount of alcohol in all their drinks. For starters one can always stick to the spiked nachos and monkey says ""cheese"" fries. I have tried a couple of other dishes too and it's always been above average.  I love this place and guarantee that one can always have a good night here!"
"We went here for a birthday party and it turned out to be an awesome place! We had their famous Maanga and we immediately knew why it was so! We ordered the butterfly chicken and I'd recommend it to anyone who plans to go here.  Also, their chicken wings, cheesy fries and cheesy Pav bhaji was amazing! A must try is their Cuban Sandwich! The ambience and the crowd was electrifying. A bit of let down was only the service, it wasn't as quick and prompt as expected."
"Amazing ambience, the best DJ ever, food and drinks were good too! Went on a saturday night though it didn't look very happening from the outside, once we entered the place the energy is another level. The DJ playing all amazing songs, everyone dancing! We didn't get a place to sit but we didn't wanna leave because of the atmosphere in there! Must visit, definitely going back here."
Went here sometime back with a friend. Was quite early to the place for lunch so not crowded. The pictures on the wall are a bit weird. Food was good though a tad bit expensive
"I went there for brunch and beer, and it served my purpose pretty well. Ambiance is nice and food tastes good. But I feel the burger could have been a little bigger for the price they charged. Staff are courteous."
"A quirky place to hangout, this restaurant has some creative quotes framed over the wall and plays cool music. I enjoy almost all the food here. A fan of their Chandraji's mutton curry with rice. Can have it anytime"
"Friendly staff, decent crowd. Food is not tat great, but decent. I liked aam admi egg and pork ribs. Down side is u only get kF draught here."
"i liked the Old Monk Rumcakes... nice place and good serving.... It took little more time to prepare the food... i enjoyed the fussball...
."
"I just loved this place... awesome music. .lovely crowd ..good food😊😊 perfect place for any night out. We went for friend's birthday celebration, we all loved it."
"Went 2 weeks back with a business colleague, it was my 2nd visit. This time place was pretty calm n soothing (went on a Monday evening wht else u cld expect). Ambiance, food, service, music everything is good abt this place. We had 
chicken nachos: 5
pizza: 4.5
chicken 65: 2.5
Definitely worth a try."
"This place is really good to hangout with ur friends on a weekend..liked the food n ambience over here..dey play good music as well..gets too crowded over weekends, but the crowd is decent.."
Had been there with friends to hangout a few weeks ago. Was a great place to just sit down and catch up on things. We were a big gang of around 10 and had a very good time. Lasagna was really good. A little pricey though
"This is simple review about a place where I didn't find anything special.but the overall ambience and location is superb. It is reasonably priced and has decent music. While nothing that wowed me, nothing that tells me not to revisit"
"Been here couple of times with friends now, I like the ambience and food here. On 12th main, pretty easy to spot. Good place to hangout & chill."
"Love this place for its ambience, music and food. I step in regularly here - lovely crowd during weekends with some good old rock and pop music being played by the DJ.
The starters and burgers are really yummy and the service is commendable."
The food is good for the price. I love pork ribs here it's soft and mouth watering dish. Been here only for pork ribs and aam plans. Like the ambience too.
A business that discriminates between its customers belongs in the shitter. It's a good thing that their food is generic crap so you wont be missing out on anything.
"One of the few places where you have find a table even without reservations on weekend in indiranagar.
Very attentive and prompt service by the staff and manager as well
The fusion cocktails are worth a try and the drinks won't burn a hole in our pocket as well"
"Great experience. Loved the drinks and food, especially the pork ribs, although the homemade mayonnaise was a little vinegary. The ambience of the bar was cosy, and full of energy with live music being played by local musicians. I would have also wished for a wider range of variety in the menu."
"We needed a special place for our Best Friend's bachlorette. We couldn't have chosen better. Loved the music and ambience. We ladies had a great time thanks to the great service by the servers. 
The food was par excellence and we only stuck to the Appetisers. We tried the butterfly chicken, pepper calamari, Chicken Quick Gun and General Chicken. 
The drinks were amazing and we loved the Sangria Slush and ' Not So Vanilla.
The night ended with the Churros and made us die hard fans of Monkey Bar."
"Certainly one of the most women friendly pubs, with no stack entry makes it even better. A complete value for money though the dance floor might get a little clumsy."
"So we went to monkey bar a while ago.. I have been a regular here ..just an FYI..

So we ordered a couple of drinks.. And one of the order was 4 tequila shots. The waiter told me to pay 1483.. I gave him my card .. And he apparently swiped 1726.. And i did get the bill for it( which has the amount as 1480 and plus taxes..which sums upto 1726) .. I realized all this once i came back home.

Its very sad that a pub like u would play such tactics to make money.. I would have gladly paid 1726 rs without Any issues anyway.. But this is dissapointing!  Disgusting! #ditch #monkeybar #thugs"
"Awesome place to enjoy the evening with friends Excellent food and service and lovely music , staff is so polite and friendly, we had chicken starters both was excellent and cocktails was so refreshing 
Keep it up guys !!!"
Not great service. Twice or thrice I need to check with them on the liquor ordered. 10 mins to serve liquor!!!. Tried their butterfly chicken and beef galouti. Not up to the hype.
Went on Sunday for lunch. Service was slow everytime we wanted to order something we had 2 search for servers. But was saved the day and drinks were average.
"Monkey Bar was the first pub/bar I visited during my brief stay in Bangaluru. Most of the cafés and joints in Indiranagar are quite expensive and we found Monkey Bar to be reasonably priced. I visited this place on a Tuesday night and it wasn't much crowded. The bar was dimly lit, with staggering graffiti on the walls accompanied by vintage incandescent style light bulbs hanging from the ceiling. Posters with reference to movies, music and TV series occupied the walls and there wasn't an inch left to be covered up. The music and DJ were great too!
Kudos to their efforts! This place is definitely worth a second visit."
"Heard about this place a lot but never got a chance to visit it. However 2 years down the line visited it for my birthday treat on a rainy day and end to end the experience was pretty much great. 

Good Decor 
Great Ambience 
Great Crowd 
Prompt Service 
Great Beer 
Yummy Starters 
Slightly Disappointing burger sizes 
Disappointing Salad 

Overall had a great time. Chilling over beer and food with close ones. Will definitely visit again."
"Food : 5/5
Staff : 5/5
Ambiance : 5/5
Amazing place to hang out any days. Peaceful on weekdays. Fridays are good as the DJ makes you move ;) if you wanna play snooker you can do that as well, table is available but always crowded .
Noone can get tired of this place."
"If you're looking at this place for a Friday night then I'm guessing money isn't a concern. Cause most places around this area is pretty expensive. Well atleast you'd have better options for food and drinks. The food I did find to be very good. The ambience is what I guess what most people would describe as ""happening"" sort of. Make sure you reserve a table well in advance (if at all you need one)."
Great food and ambience. Went to celebrate a friend's birthday but the place closed at 11. Found chilli cheese dragons of this place very yummy
"Service 5⭐️
Good management and service. You even get a bit hairstyle updates if you go here.
Ambience 4.5 ⭐️
I love the ambience and feel of this place. Like a hang out place with a good crowd.
Vegetarian healthy food 4.5 ⭐️
They do have amazing food and improvise a bit for you. If you're having a cheat meal this is your place to go. Order the burger and chilli paneer. Perfection! ⚡️"
"Pleasantly surprised by the awesomeness of this place. Great food and beverages, beautiful ambience are the prime takeaways. The DJ is better than most other places. Really loved the wholesome experience"
"If you're searching for a great place to chill on a lazy Sunday afternoon,Monkey Bar is the place to be.Located on one of the most happening streets of Indranagar,Monkey Bar is a lounge which should be on every food lover's list.Their burgers are among the best in Bangalore .They come nicely presented to you in a tray with a huge cone of fries and sauces that go pleasantly well with the succulent burgers.Adding to the amazing food is a great ambience with fun cartoons and catchy phrases decorating the place.Servers are amicable and courteous.Overall a fun place to chill with colleagues,friends or even family.

Must try: Lamb Burger
Food: 4.5
Ambience: 4
Service: 4
Value for Money: 4"
"The place is just too loud. The day we visited there was a gang who was literally screaming and shouting. It was extremely difficult to talk to my friend across the table. 
Food was okay and so was the service.
I know everyone comes to pub to have a good time but management should take care of such a loud crowd so that others too can have a nice time."
"I really love this place and am a regular over here.
Nice ambience, nice food, nice drinks and nice in total.
My go to dish forever will remain pav n pork chorizo. They used to serve a dish called chorizo rice..it just gets me salivating even thinking about it. But unfortunately they have stopped serving it. 
This time ordered a pizza, pav n chorizo and baos.
The bao was a lol disappointing. Cz it felt like dimsum. But in taste it won brownie points.
A must try pub with friends for a lazy subday hangout"
"Went here with my friends on Friday evening, got a place after waiting for 5 minutes. We ordered galouti kebab, old school burgers, ghee roast prawns, mushroom pizza and fries along with drinks.

The galouti kebab was out of this world, it tasted incredibly good. Wish I could have it more. Even the burger was prepared well, they are rightly in the kickass burgers category of Zomato. I liked the prawns too, it was the right mix of spicy and ghee. Mushroom Pizza was bland for my taste. 

The service was good. The music was too loud for my choice.

Definitely visit them!!"
"My go to place for the Best served Sangria in Indranagar.
As I have mentioned not just Sangria precisely Wine, other cocktails here are great too. You would love them with the delectable food options you got here especially the butterfly chicken. The combination is great. The noodles and chilly chicken and the pizza and the list goes on.
The ambience is average but the music adds up to it. It's not loud but it's gooood. Weekday or a weekend this place is crowded, it's one of the happening places in Indranagar. Grab a table before going there, you don't want to wait for long."
"With so many lounge/bars in Indiana far, this place has really found a place in monthly visit calendar 

Because of its Decor and food!

Nachos, Chilli cheese dragons-great. Pizza-not many options for Vegetarians but mushroom pizza was good

Good service"
"It's a nice place with good food, as I went there on a weekday. Loved the service and foosball table, although the seating arrangement is kind of congested."
This is a tiny place with Eye catching ambience.  Went here on a Friday night. Jagger Bomb shooter was special on their menu. Seems expensive though.  The food here is yummy. Had Chicken 65 with Pav and it was awesome. There was a band present who played a really good live music. And it was bang on .. It was a good experience visiting this place.
"Money bar... Is easy to locate, had an old friends meet.. Nice place. Rustic Ambiance.. 
Ordered beer.. It was good.. Perfect for summer. 
We were struggling Wat to order for sided.. As per the suggestion we ordered general tos's chicken. It was spicy and good.. 
But still was super hungry so ordered chicken rice bowl with kimchi.. One of the best I have had. 
Buttered rice with kimchi and brosted chicken.. Tummy was full... Over all had good time. 
Service 5 on 5.
Food 4.5 on 5
Ambiance 4 on 5
Value for money 4 on 5"
"The insides of the place are worth praising again and again just like its food items. A little high priced when it comes to drinks outside happy hours but the food items are too good to resist. Beef burger, pav bhaji and keema pav are the things to have."
All I can say is - Thank God for a place like monkey Bar that still maintains its standards in music and attracting the right kind of crowd. We land up here most Saturday nights for a party and the DJs never disappoint! Most food on their menu is great too.
"This place is now one of my favourites in Bangalore. The waiters here are friendly , and the service is very prompt. The cocktails here are very different from other bars.
My favourite being the Manga and Copper Monkey. 
The food is great here! Special mention to the Chilly Cheese Dragons.  
The crowd is always an eye pleaser.
The music starts picking up after 10 30. And after 10 30 you can witness the entire place become a dance floor . 
But make sure you reach this place before 8 so as to get a table. Sitting on the bar is also fun when you are in a group. 
Will keep going back here for more Saturday nights."
"A nice blend of music and food.
The ambience is really good reminding you of the high school times.
We ordered butterfly chicken and BBQ chicken loaded nachos. Both the dishes were upto the mark.
Then we ordered chicken salami sausage pizza,which was amazing.
The only negative point is the staff is too occupied to keep a track of all the tables.

Overall a nice experience 😊"
"This is a late review - so apologies for the fact that I don't exactly remember what all had we actually ordered in food & booze. This is more of an experience review for Monkey Bar!

Located in the most happening area of Bengaluru, Monkey Bar is quirky & delightful in its own right, amidst the multitude of other pubs in Indiranagar!
I'm not too big a fan of their seating, but I'll look over that as their music is just SPOT ON & Amazing! Sets the note just right for a fun weekend out & about town!

Their food is also pretty decent & so is the booze! (only contention is with the cost - I feel they are a bit overpriced!)"
"A place that always creates some real unforgettable moments for our friends group! Good food and drinks, creative n funny wall hangings matching the theme, good music. What else are you looking for on a Saturday night. If you are a choco flavor lover, do try the vodka martini- choco flavored one. I loved it!"
We visited this place on 28th Apr 2017 as team of 8 people. Found this place quite nice and good. Took lot of drinks and some food and overall response was good in the end. Though one thing which we noticed that drinks are on higher sides as compared to other places. Definitely a good place to go with people!
The worst food ever. It was lousy and had no flavour. The waiters were mean and rude. They dint care. I had a fly in my drink twice. Horrible experience.
"It was my first time at any Monkey bar and I guess I choose the best one! I loved the quirky decor, amazing ambiance and great music.  This place has a vibe of its own.They have fuss ball table and other games which turned out to be national events once the floor start getting a little tipsy. Everybody starts cheering and enjoying at their own pace.
I really don't remember what food I ordered because I was so busy dancing with my beer glass whole night.

Do visit if you want to have some crazy time with your friends!"
"Monkey bar has a great ambience, but with limited food options in the menu and heavy on the pocket. My absolute favorites were Nachos with BBQ chicken , berry pulav and the banana Nutella shake."
"Perfect place for cocktails... Quality of drinks too good, food, decor and ambiance perfect.. to drink we ordered Mojito.. and to eat keema bao, fries, stuffed mushrooms...Sure to visit again to explore more 😋.."
The food and drinks were really good and the ambience is enjoyable. A perfect place to go if you want to keep talking. Music is good and not particularly loud which is a plus.
"I went in mankey bar with friend really in mankey bar they have heavy crowd and the music was supop with amazing bar ,we order beer king fisher premium ,stella,with whiskey sour and mojito alldrinks was good food farm house pizza,and cheese chicken chapli,food was little diley but everytnk good good ........."
"More and enough reviews already about the place, decor, food, service and ambience... All of which is great.. what I didn't appreciate was the quantity of drinks for the price charged.. was really looking forward to the sangria which was nice, but the qty was a downer.. please look into the same.."
"Amazing Place, Awesome music, Lipsmacking food and nice crowd!! Total winner place.

As suggested, we ordered Butterfly Chicken, Loaded Nachos, Keema Bao and Pizza... Keema Bao was very nice and very different. Had never had such a fusion of two cuisines... Then Butterfly chicken was perfect with the Cocktails we had. We had Hipster Smash. It had watermelon and cucumber's refreshness along with alcohol and lime flavor. Such a refreshing cocktail. It was one of the best I have had so far...

Since it was RCB vs DD IPL match it was very crowded and all the guys were watching the match, but after some time, they stopped the match and Music started... That is when the real fun started...

Will I visit the plcae again??? Definitely yes."
I had heard a lot about monkey bar n wanted to be here badly. Well it showcases the typical pub culture. It s a chill place. I ordered a red bull cocktail n loved it. Loved their pizza n nachos. It s a very cool place and one of those pubs which has cocktail options n food options.  They also ve draught beer and bottled beers. I liked this place n is a must try
"If you are looking forward to a happening and crowded place to go to on a weekday, I'd suggest you to not visit this place. We visited Monkey Bar on a Tuesday and we were practically the only people in there. The food and the cocktails compensated for that though. The keema samosas are really really good. They weren't greasy on either the inside or the outside. The burgers are served along with fries. The burgers were good while the fries were just so-so. This place also seems to have a number of other stuff like foosball and pool but since there was no crowd all of that seemed pretty vague as well."
"Great crowd, had some intense fooseball sessions here. Came with a couple of friends we ordered the monkey bar special fries as well has the farmhouse pizza. Pizza was very average nothing special, the fries however had a very unique saucy taste, it is a must try. Food overall was average nothing too great but the crowd is amazing later on in the night."
"My first time at Monkey Bar, Indiranagar, did not disappoint. I don't know why it took me so long to visit since Fatty Bao happens to be one of my favourite restaurants in Bangalore and considering they share the same owners I should have know the food would be spectacular. I ordered the sinful and succulent pork chops which were so scrumptious I didn't want to give back the empty bowl till I finished every last drop of the gravy. The green mango drink I ordered was refreshing but my favourite was definitely the chicken katsu which I've been looking all over for! Being a thorough foodie, I  left with a very happy and slightly bigger belly. I would highly recommend anyone looking to have a unique experience and outstanding food."
"Had been here to meet a friend on a Sunday afternoon.This place has a very funky ambience with a cool vibe.We ordered for The Breakfast Burger, Chicken Chapli and Lime Soda.The food was awesome and presented very well.The service was prompt but the servers seemed a little clueless. Overall,an amazing place to hang out with friends and enjoy some good food."
"Arguably one of the best pubs in town.. Really love the energy of the place.. Amazing cocktails(Liit is a must try), great food, Kick Ass music(mostly).. Really love the place and would be the first on my mind on  a when I have a  friday/ Saturday evening outing plan.. 
Avoid the karaoke nights as they are seriously depressing.. (no offense meant..)"
"They have valet parking, they have the most amazing cutlery and crockery!!
The cocktails are yum,,....
The ambiance is amazing and food really really delicious, what more do you want?
Highly recommended.."
"This was the first time I visited Monkey Bar in Bangalore, and was thoroughly impressed. Have been a big fan of this place and have visited all their outlets in Delhi, absolutely love the food here, the ambiance was perfect for a Sunday lunch. As I have tried out most of the dishes in the Delhi outlets and with the same menu here, these are the dishes I had and would recommend:

Butterfly Chicken: An absolute 5/5, don't think I have had a better appetizer any where else.

Mo Bar Burger: Just the perfect double beef patty burger. 5/5

BBQ Hot Wings: Lip smacking wings with decent quantity. 4/5

Smoked Chicken Harrisa Pizza: A well made thin crust Pizza. 4/5 for me.

Mobar Caramalised Pork Ribs: Juicy, Tender and everything you could ask for in a portion of Pork Ribs. 5/5

Top it all up with their Peach Iced Tea, one of the most refreshing drinks I've had."
"We went to monkey bar on a saturday..it was crowded..! The ambience is friendly, food is amazing and the whole place turns into a dance floor post 10pm! Good music too. The drinks were ok....would definitely go there again :)"
"This is absolute disgrace to a restaurant not allowing a customer to enter just because they are little high and telling them that restaurant will have no business with you as you will not buy anything. Come-on what kind of a response is this, you should definately have some kind people working with you who should be respectable and kind enough with the customers and not catching a fight with the customers if they ask their name. Sorry to say but it was the worst experience for me and my friends yesterday and we will not be returning back to you anytime in future. Do change your policies and instead of saying auch reasons for not entering people into the restaurant you can simply put a cover charge and that would be it. Thank you for your hospitality and support."
"I absolutely love this place for food, just come here to enjoy a good meal..
The ambiance is great, one of my favorite pubs in Bangalore..
Good food good drinks.
Recommended..."
"Please don't try burgers at this place. Horrible!!! The patty was deep fried and oily which spoilt the entire taste. I have been to this place previously as well,  berry pulav was good. Stick to Iranian dishes at this place."
"Quite a nice peppy place, good food and drinks. Love their sangria! The dj knows the nerve of the crowd and plays music accordingly. However when i went there back to back a couple of times, the sequence of songs was more or less the same and became predictable. Nevertheless, its one of the best placed to chill and the staff is also friendly."
"My cousin introduced this place to me, since then its my fav .
Items u should try 
Crab ramgoon this looks like samosa with crab filling ... Just awesome, chicken nachos are best too.
Ambiance 4
Food 4"
Food is amazing.ambience is decent. Do try out chicken 65 thats something unique. Anything you order is good only. Tried almost all dishes. Nothing will disappoint you. Friendly staffs as well! We did not like fried calamari though and returned it back and they did not charge us for it. Courteous! Hearty ❤ recommended!
"Disappointing!!! 
1.No one to greet us after being seated for nearly 15 minutes on the first floor. 2. Less staff on the first floor at 6.30 pm on a Sunday. 3. The waiter missed one item of the order on an already delayed service. The two staff members who were actually on the floor conveniently ignored our attempts to signal to them to enquire about our orders. 4. Attempted to increase bill amount on the credit card machine in the name of it being a mistake. 5. Our tipping point was when the waiter was not even polite to us despite him being in the wrong. Overall, very disappointed after indeed having heard a lot about this place!!"
"Wow.. pleasant experience , food was wonderful, don't forget to try maangaa, its just out of the box. The staffs are extremely friendly.. Must visit in 12 th main, I personally liked the setup theme.. Different clubbing experience.."
Awesome place to hangout with friends. Beer was chilled..yummy MoBar burger. Service is slow. Had to ask for the cheque many times. Little stuffy in the upper side. But overall an awesome experience.
The has a foot tapping abience. The booze is great and the side dishes too. Overall recommended for a visit. There is snooker too and a dance floor ..
"Super great place to hangout with friends. You'll really have goood vibes in this place. Drink selection was great, from beers to cocktails to wines. But make sure you always check the bill because they can charge you more than what you ordered or give you wrong change."
"I loved the decor of this place!!
Also the vibe is nice.. Came here 2 weeks back and had great fun with friends...
Music is good ambiance is good drinks are good and so is the food..."
"Rustic and woody, something out of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise we thought. A bar on the island of Tortuga! We were escorted to our table by our host, upon enquiry he said Masood was his name and was it coincidence that his job title was Captain? I don't think so. Mr Masood, or should I say Captain Masood ran us through the famed Monkey bar favourites, we ordered his recommendations. The food here was brilliant so were the concoctions of drinks that they served. We were delighted that they had Foosball, pretty amazing players too, friendly and warm just like the decor. 10 pm and the DJ started to raise the roof, the crowd joined in and so did we. An eventful night, good people, great food, good service, 5 stars, one of those nights where u feel like a million bucks. Thank u for the experience Monkey Bar Indranagar."
"Went there on a Saturday evening with my husband. The place reminds you of an old school english pub. I loved the decor. After settling down, we ordered for Mangaa and Mad men. Mangaa was bang on. Just the right mix makes awesome cocktails and it was exactly that. Mad men was a whiskey based cocktail and my husband did not complain at all. For food we ordered chicken wings in bhoot jolokia sauce and it was one of the best wings i ever had. I am deducting 0.5 for they gave the bill after 4 reminders and 20mins later"
"A wonderful place to hangout on a Friday night...the cocktail was good ...
And i would like to thank Mr.chandrasekar his hospitality the operation manger a very service motive person whom also is a social service minded person..."
It is a very nice place. The decor is funky and the staff are also kind. The food was amazingggggg . They drinks were equally good . Lot of places in indranagar to choose from . This place is a must
"Went their on friday night music was good.
We tried mangaa and vodka redbull both were great.
Food decent but portion 2 small.
Service was the wprriying factor."
"Love love love their chicken berry pulao, other than the music and the ambiance. Definitely a must try. And so is their old monk cake. I'm not a fan of rum. But the cake sure is a delight. It's basically a chocolate cake with a rum flavour in the frosting, rich chocolate flavour, subtle rum flavour."
"Monkey Bar is the the kind of place you'd want to go to chill with friends on a Saturday night. For teetotallers, the place compensates with its ambience and good music and the whole ground floor turns into a dance floor post 10. If you're vegetarian, there are limited options both in starters and mains, however whatever is served is good to taste."
"I remember this place used to be a lot more crowded when it had just opened and though the food has always been excellent, we just put off going there on weekends because of the slow service. However, we went there recently and looks like they've picked up the game and the service complimented the food. This pub suits Bangalore, both the new and the old. You will be spoilt for choice with the menu but make sure you try the kheema bao and the Goan chorizo pav!"
The place is good with decent crowd and amazing songs. Foosball table has always attracted me there and the outside section. Been there multiple times but never got bored. Better to reach earlier as it becomes crowded as the night gets darker :-)
"Quite spacious. Good decor and one can relax with good food and drinks with good peppy music. What i really liked is the music was not loud and noisy. Coming to food. Tried peppery calamary which was awesome with Jacob's creek shiraz. Just wished the glass could be larger. Had a generous portion of prwan ghee roast with rice. Not similar to what i had in my mind, but taste was good.. Service was prompt n courteous"
"Went to this place on a weekend. Crowd here is good, the music is also lively. Had a Seven Kingdoms, which they advertise as the mother of all LIITs, which was good as it was stronger than the LIITs. Seating arrangement was a bit crowded since the place is not too big. Overall a good place to visit."
"Went here alone on a Wednesday night. Unlike most pubs these days the DJ here played rock music that took me back to my teens. I ordered a couple of beers and the Mobar Burger, and what a burger it was. A double beef patty bacon burger with a luscious serving of cheese, easily among the best burgers I've had. The beef patty was well done, only wish that the bacon were a tad crispier. The burger came with a pretty sizeable serving of fries.

The bar tender was a nice guy, let me order an Old Fashioned off menu. Their selection of booze is also pretty great, rarely have I come across JB black. Great place to sit back, get a few drinks in and enjoy the music."
"The right place for a Sunday morning breakfast. This place offers uniqueness in their dishes. From butter chicken khichdi to their masala omlette, it's an experience. The egg items are just about perfect here. The location of the restaurant is also good since it's not cramped up with cars and they have a nice valet service. Do try their Keema bow and red velvet waffle. Friendly stuff, good music - there's a reason why this place is rated so high on Zomato."
If you are planning to go there book a table in advance. It is always crowded and you have to wait... the reason for this wait is there cheap alcohol.. okay food... overall decent price.
"Amazing drinks....Must try seven kingdom ( the mother of all LIITs), and bacon cheesy fries...
One Seven kingdom and you will get the buzz...
Among starters...General TSO's chicken is delicious..."
A nice place to hangout with friends..a tad bit overpriced as the portion size is less compared to the price charged..drinks are good..they can surely improve the music collection..ambiance is good..
It's a nice secluded pub here in Indiranagar .. the butterfly chicken here is to die for also the keema bao here is really nice and juicy. Must go place..
Had been to this place last weekend i found it as one of the most happening places in bangalore. Loved the food as well. Service is very good the waiters are well mannered.
"A wonderful place with wonderful food, plating, and service. The ambience is rustic and cozy. The butterfly chicken was absolutely amazing, with fantastic taste. This is one of the rare places that serves churros for dessert and that tastes awesome as well (for those who like churros in general and cannot seem to find good ones). And, they also have a foosball table! They tend to keep messing up the bill though, so do check it carefully."
"Over Crowded most of the time,nice music but not comfortable seat to sit down for long.Food quality is Average.staff are well behaved.
Little bit high on pocket  else I you want to know some good music along with chilled beer it's Good to go."
"One of my favourites in Bangalore. I've visited multiple times and will definitely go again. I like everything about the place, their music, the food, the ambience, the crowd. It has a feel good vibe to it which appeals to me."
Monkey bar is one of my favorite pubs in bangalore . The butterfly chicken and manga are regularly ordered whenever I visit this place . The place has a good crowd and a funky decor . Always happy being back .
"I liked the interior  and the drinks here . Especially MANGAA and Bipolar.
However the service staff was not responsive. 
Apart from butterfly chicken none of food items like nachos , burger was good.
The have Kundapur prawn ghee roast , I am from Kundapur and this is not even close to original. 
The thing disappointed was food quantity was quite less compared to vapour or toit. So dont plan for food here."
We visited Monkey bar as a stop over during our pub hopping. I totally loved the ambiance and music. It keeps you at your feet all along however it was quite loud so we couldn't talk much so half points off for that. We ordered keema Bao which was super delicious. We also had some rounds of foosball match which was quite fun. I would love to go back.
"MANGAA, the only thing for which I would revisit this place. Its quite a novel drink. Well, not a place if you are looking for brewed beer. The fussball table sucks. And yes, I found it a tad expensive. The service was proactive and they happily obliged when we wanted to change our table and move to the first floor. No unnecessary tantrum thrown."
This is a great pub and grub joint in indiranagar ..The music is very nice and so is the ambience ....Very courteous staff and takes the effort of explaining food to us ...I absolutely loved the tiger beef and chicken wings ...They were both very well cooked and spicy enough to compliment the chilled drought beer that we were having ...We swiped it off with some khichadi and chilli paneer with some more beer ...U should try this place for great food and awesome beer ...Cheers
"Ambience was too boring and normal. 
Service was weird. I asked for the menu by getting up from my table and after 5 min he gave the bill. Why?
Food was average. I liked the pandi curry though. Others were decent but the sad part is its not worth the money."
"To begin with, 
The food here is amazingg!

The Soulful Bowl has been the best I've ever had. If you can eat Pork along with it, I think I'd taste even better. However, the Veg version along with some eggs on it tasted absolutely delicious. Margarita and Cheesy Dragons were decent enough.

The staff is very welcoming and prompt and the place is big enough for you decide and sit wherever you are comfortable."
"Getting regular to this place. Super cool pizzas and nice service.I fairly don't remember with whom i danced ,may be with everyone on the upper floor.To those who appreciated 'Thank You'. The group with 4 guys and a girl who asked me to join them..Thank you.The gentlemen who offered me drink thank you.The lady who said i really danced well ,Thank you.
The waiters who served me well thank you.The couple who said 'it is pleasure to see you dance ' thank you...The guy from Delhi who sat on the stairs and talked to me 'thank you'... Thank you DJ for playing such awesome tracks of 2016.
Now let me describe how is Monkey Bar. Wood,posters of cartoon character which will take you to the childhood, yet you will thank  to be an adult and allowed to visit a pub like this . With love kanchan"
"Fantastic location, cozy ambience, relaxing music and great food & drinks. 
The ambience had a very classic touch. 
The draught beer here is pretty good. We tried a few special cocktails too, which didn't disappoint either. Coming to the food, we tried the wings, the BBQ spare ribs and the burger. The spare ribs was the best of the lot. Overall a great place to hangout."
A great place to hangout with your friends. Went there on a weekend night. Good crowd. Good taste of music. A must visit if you're looking for a place in indiranagar to chill.
"Fancy a pub that can get the Monkey in you outside ??? 

Around 930ish PM was the time of day, 
The pub had awesome crowd all would say.

The Mangaa (vodka based cocktail) worked its magic, 
The music was loud and killer - anything but  tragic, 

The hungry  gorged on the likes of General Tso's chicken , Pork Ribs were served  fast and on Cue , 
The mixture of good music, crazy cocktails and awesome food will get the monkey out of YOU !!!

Try this place once if in IndiraNagar,
slightly above affordable - just go and don't think Agar... Magar.....

The menu and the ambiance are really different - really one of a kind,

You will love the feeling after one copper monkey (whisky based cocktail)- monkey like tricks on your mind.

do give them a try. 

Cheers ."
"Cool place to hang out , the food is really awesome and the staff's are courteous.Good music and fun place. Would visit again ...The price is reasonable for the service rendered..."
"The place is a lot of fun with good food, good service, good music and a lively vibe. The prices are reasonable for an indiranagar bar. All in all a good place to eat out."
"Lip smacking food, amazing ambience and most importantly- incredible service. We were a group of 4 girls who visited monkey bar at 9:00pm. The staff was incredibly courteous and served us really well. Unfortunately we had no data to book a cab so when we asked one of the staff members to book one for us,they complied without any hesitation. We had to cancel and re-book as many as 3 cabs since none were available but the staff made sure to get us one,called back and forth and waited until we boarded the cab. This place not only has amazing food but some really great samaritans who made sure we reached home safe even though it wasn't their duty. Thank you for an amazing birthday Monkey Bar :) I'm surely gonna visit again given to their amazing service.
I'd like to especially thank Mr. Vivek for helping us today."
"Great young energy. Noisy loud. Awesome drinks ok food. Very crowded.if u want to stand around, scream to be heard, wait for some space to be squeezed into, but enjoy a carefree evening, it's a great place."
"My first visit to the bar and I was delighted with the experience. It's laid back, Old Hollywood movie themed walls and the music actually gives u a relaxed feel. They've got great cocktails. Mangaa is 1 of dem. Loved the food too. Tso chicken, korean chicken wings and paneer were superb. Wasn't too impressed by the Greek Lamb Style burger. Overall, was expensive but worthy of  an another visit."
"hi
 when we came two weeks before there.. they didn't allowed inside because of stag entry..is any thing like that in Monkey Bar............."
"Awesome place tobe on a friday evening 
Food 4/5
Ambience 4/5
Drinks 5/5
Loved their burgers. Desserts taste awesome! 
Would definitely like to go back again"
A superb ambiance and a great place to hang out! A little over-priced but will make you willing to spend for the food and service they offer. Must visit on weekends for tempting your party fervor!
"Good music and food. Considering the size of the place, the management should probably learn how to manage the crowd. And BTW smoking zone is a mess."
"This place is a bit small and ordering food can take a while. But the music and energy on a weekend is just unparalleled. A great place to party with your group of friends. A bit too dimly lit for my liking, but great experience overall."
I don't know why I wasn't particularly fond of this place before but this time I fell in love with the food and drinks. Especially the kheema bao!
"Innovative cocktails (great), Good food, Ok music. Must try- Manga
Overall a great place to go. Not very heavy on pocket as well. Ambience is good.
There are not many options in Veg food but their chilly cheese dragons are super tasty.
Non veg food menu accommodates all sorts off meats. 
Monkey Bar- Recommended for a laid back weekend evening."
"Went for Sunday brunch and the place was full. The food was good and the service was even better. 
On a Saturday night he place was packed and had amazing music and a very good vibe to it."
"Good place for hanging out with friends :) 
Music was awesome and got a table in short time too. (Unlike other places)
Food 3/5
Service 4/5
Ambience 5/5
Value for money 4/5"
"Ambience - 5 star - lively and music
Food - 4 star - not so good 
Drink 🍹- 3 star - not so special 

Best for hanging out with your buddies for a different evening"
"Been here for couple of times with my friends n it's a perfect place 2 party. Got a seat opposite to the bar n all de posters n hangings brought de perfect picture 2 de name. We had calamari, porky dumplings ,butterfly wings, fish salad n de pork noodles bowl....  everything was so very owsm n v really luvd de food n service... Hope 2 visit Dis place again soon ...."
"A perfect part place.went with my bangalore frnd and my sister.that day I remember was a curfew in the city so after 6 p.m this. Was one of the places that opened. We had nachos, burger, sandwiches , few drinks ,played snooker.the crowd was happening and hip.monkey bar always been my favourite"
"Great Music, super awesome crowd. Sad part no draught beer. We reached here around 10 in the night and place was so much on and welcoming. Will surely visit again!"
"When I say bar, what's the first thing that comes to your mind? A lot of smoke and some kind of stinky place with some trashy music in background right?

But this bar totally beats that thought. It has a seperate smoking zone with really clean interiors with DJ playing really Cool swag and Peppy songs in the background. Crowd is awesome. Food is great. And rest what can i say, drinkers are gonna drink irrespective what they offer. :p"
"Been here once before for lunch and never got around to writing a review then.

Popped in here on a Friday night again recently to catch up with a friend and though it was a quick visit where I had only a Beer, I decided I must give them a rating for the food I had before as well present ambience and service. 

The place is packed to the brim on Fridays with really loud but great music. It was just 8.30 and the crowd here vouches for the place! 

Located on the busy 12th Main Road, they have valet parking so no worries there! 

I intend to visit here again soon and this try out their food once again to be able to review them better!
                                                                rjheartnsoul.com"
"The food is super good, the ambiance and service good too love there Dessert highly recommend this place waiting to visit again and nice to hangout with friends."
It was just average experience !! The ambience is okie...the food n drink was below average !! The energy was pretty low in the bat which is little unexpected !!
"Doesn't look like much from outside, but once you get in its guaranteed that you will have a good time. Pool table,foosball and all kinds of fun. The best pork ribs and shrimp and grit. Loved the food.

Ambience:4.5
Food:4
Service:5
Value for money: 4"
"Awesome place hangout with friends ,..... We played snooker .we enjoyed a lot . nice food must try drogen cheese roll ... Bt chick ... Cheese nachos... N drink sangria slush.   Good service...."
"I'd heard a lot about this place so frankly I was surprised that we could get a table at 9pm on a Friday night. The beer is good, hard liquor is priced as usual. Food isn't that great, but you're not likely to complain too much about it. Good music, crowd and good ambience with a rustic feel. If the company's great, you're gonna have a good time here."
"Woke up on Sunday Morning, dreaming of Eggs Benedict at Monkey Bar. Oh my, was it satisfying. 

Managed to tempt my sis enough to wake up ""early"" on Sunday morning. 10:30 is early. Mind you 😬.

Made it in time too..thank God!! Kinda missed it last time. 

We had 
1. Eggs Benedict - which was super. We ordered it twice. 👌🏼
2. Red velvet waffles - which could have been crispy. That's how I like my waffles crispy on the outside...fluffy on the inside. 
3. The prawn pickle - not a big fan. Tasted like bad rasam. That's saying a lot coz I love rasam. However bad it is.
4. Cuban sandwich - not as warm and buttery as I expected it to be (If you've watched Chef the movie, you'd know what I mean)

Satisfying meal. 👍🏼"
"This is a date review..went long back so I don't know how it is now..the place has very nice vibe and looks packed but you can hang in a corner and still talk to your friends..little heavy on the pocket but considering once in a while, it's ok I guess..music is good and the mozerlla cheese fry..was simply awesome..dont know how it is now..been few months..gotta gather up some peeps and check it out again :)"
"Monkey bar on a Sunday = Super crowded, you'd be lucky if you can find yourself place to stand.Beef Burger is really good, though they could really up the portions served.
Loud music, and the Pool tables are in the smoking area."
"Quite a happening place in a city such as this...there is an unexplicable charm about this place! Having been a few times before, it is surprising to note the bar still manages to keep up its tempo...young trendy crowd swaying to pulsating beats, it is a sight to witness, keeping in mind, bangalore's lacklustre clubbing scene..Service is really quick too..and surely a place with a vibe!"
The ambience of the place makes you groove!! Go and check out this happening place!! Definitely worth every penny of yours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you want to see your crazy self and similar folks then this is the place to be. Amazing cocktails in funky jars..... and the ambiance just sets up tone.
"I have been to better one's .. I had missed to write about this one as there was nothing memorable about this place . Rooftop experience , food ok ... nothing for me to recommend to go back to ."
"Update Mar 2017 - my favourite bar just got better, and totally more affordable on weekdays. They now have a lean menu for weekdays, select drinks and dishes at weekday prices. Great decision fellas.

What can I say, this is my favourite at in Indiranagar or even Bangalore. And I wish we had its old menu, would have loved it even more. Reddy's chicken was my favourite, it is no longer on the menu. But now, I've moved to the butterfly chicken, kheema bao, mobar galouti and for the main I love the mee goreng. Just too good. 

I love the old school bar setup, the warm lights and the mellow music. Total my type!
                                                                abyventura.wordpress.com"
"The most happening place in town for me. And it has been so for a very long time. I don't have to write much. Everything about this place is good. Great food (for non-vegetarians), amazing music, good cocktails, perfect service etc. Etc. The ambience here is electric. There is no way you can just sit when such good music is playing. You'll always want to dance. I love monkey bar!!!"
"After relocating to Indiranagar, this was my first time to Monkey bar and also our first stop for the night. 
Tried some Raw Mango Pitcher which as incredibly yummy although I'm not a big fan of raw Mango. 
Also had some chilly cheese starter which was so good that it was over in a couple of minutes what was supposed to be an accompaniment for the Raw Mango. 
Located in the bustling Indiranagar, and quite a large space."
"Not a lot of people are aware but Monkey Bar has a delicious spread for Breakfasts! Walk in before 11 to enjoy their yummy vairety of waffles and English breakfasts. Recommended : Red velvet waffle 😍
A nice place dimly lit for a brunch date and soft music. 😋😍 They have some very good cocktail combos that are must try!"
"This is easily one of the best bars I have been to in Bangalore. A fantastic place to go as a group, get the best cocktails, and shake a leg. I recommend having the Toddy here, if you haven't tried it. And of course, the Jager Bomb to top it off if you still feel like sticking to your seat.
The music is good, as is the food. The American Tso Paneer is a must have.
But be careful to not lose your senses completely, as this place can blow a big hole in your wallet."
"I went there with my husband and bhaiya Bhabhi. That day we were very hungry, so by chance we entered in monkey bar, as we entered in it we everyone said wow, it's ambience is very classy and impressive. We all are vegetarian then one staff member explain in detail about all vegetarian dishes. We liked this thing very much. The food quality as well quantity both are too good, especially Nachos and burger are mouth watering, We all had much fun there and especially in afternoon lightening effect on the table was very good which help in clicking good photographs 😌😌😌. Good place for youngsters and must try apple juice if you don't want alcohol it's was very tasty. That day monkey bar made our day"
"This was the only place we managed to get a table at on a Sunday evening. The ambience is great, and the decor is fun and quirky. 
We ordered 2 pitchers of Kingfisher, 2 starters, some shots and their delicious Old Monk cake. The service was prompt and staff were polite. Had a great evening. Will visit again."
"Wonderful place to be on a Saturday evening. Ambience, the food and most importantly the staff was courteous. Music was a high. This two storeyed place with its cheesy decor will take you to a happy place. I had my time there, so do my girls. That night is one of my highlights in my rendezvous with the city of Bangalore.  Ps. I would still bet my money on Monkey Bar in Connaught Place, Delhi always. That place, memories.
                                                                sweeha.blogspot.com"
"Nice place, with shady ambience ! The food was okayish, but the different Cocktails they offer are really cool. Nice place to hang out with friends for booze parties."
"Went here last Saturday after we couldn't get a table in glocal. The night started fine, though the place was crowded we managed to get a table in 20 minutes. While being seated the server placed a placard which had offers on them one being buy two get one free. Now here is where things start going down they ran out of draught beer, which is not the first time this happened I think they do this intentionally to push bottle beer. And after ordering two pegs of hard liquor we asked for the third peg and the server told us we has to order it together only then we get it for free! I mean come on what difference does it make, we spoke to the manager Hardik who was also a dick about it. Finally after a lot of arguing and pointing that this rule wasn't in the placard he gave us the drink, and removed the card from all the tables. Nice way to piss people off I say. After that we did not stay for long and left. Definitely not a place that it once was."
"Monkey bar is a modern retro bar serving up some really delicious food.
Starters:Genera Tsos chicken which is sweet sour and sticky Chinese wok tossed chicken. The crab Rangoon are sweet meat filled wontons. The malabar Khema samosa are fried delights.
I would sincerely recommend ordering some starters and drinks instead of the traditional method of ordering a starter- main- dessert. Good music, Great food, and excellent drinks! Of course it is not a brewery and hence one shouldn't compare it to them. For a pub it did more than i expected! Kudos!"
Awesome place to spend on a Saturday Night. Cocktails were amazing and not to forget the food. Music will itself get you in the mood to groove.
"This place should be on your list when you're pub hopping. Got in here a little tipsy,  and the ambience surely ensured that we spent some time here.  Butterfly Chicken is a must try from their food menu. With reasonably priced food and liquor,  this 2 storeyed place has a good music to offer as well to make your time worthwhile.  Recommend to get here on a Saturday night!"
"A proper old school pub feeling. Amazing food. We tried,  ghee roast prawn, falafel sliders and a bunch of other starters! All were extremely good! Very unique cocktails!
Priced lil on the higher side"
Wonderful place to enjoy a relaxed evening with friends. We wanted to catch up and thought it would be too noisy here on a Friday evening but were happy with the drinks and food so kept sitting till late. Food-wise everything was very good except the falafel sliders which were kinda bland. Nachos were delicious. The Manga cocktail was super good! Love the decor and vibe here.
"Drinks, snooker, pool are plus of this place e. However the food is ok, not much good. If ordered with too many friends they really get European and Mexican food with south Indian sides."
"The best Monkey Bar according to me is the one situated in Cannaught Place, Delhi. But this place also tries its best to keep up with that. The place feels small even though there are a lot of tables. Interior is cool and funky. Menu is diverse but at the same time not everything in it would please you. The music of course is superb. Visit it. For men, there would be a surprise for you in the washroom ;-)"
The ambience is quirky and the menu has the perfect blend of eateries and alcohol. Filled with energy and enthusiasm..Great place for a weekend party
"Went on a Sunday night. Dynamic ambiance, DJ was awesome and lively crowd. Ordered some shots - perfect mix. Had a great time. Would definitely visit again."
Monkey bar is a nice bar. Well lit up and good for a Sunday afternoon lunch with some drinks. The food was good . Had some chicken n rice . We had a problem though . The pool table was n the smoking area and some parents who had brought their kids wanted to come in and play where my friends were having a puff and they had a prob with that . Either monkey bar should Hav a Seperate kids room or shoudnt allow parents to brings small kids to bars . Plz resolve such things . It puts someone's mood off while enjoying a nice afternoon
"One of those few places where everything is good...music..food..drinks and ambiance.

Few must try things here are... Mangaa (the aam panna cocktail), Ricotta and paneer kababs, laal maas phulkas and the bao..

Didn't like the Mobar bork and the Naga pork and noodle bowl."
"This is a place for complete gastronomic delight right from sight, to smell and to taste. I had gone to their earlier outlet which I cant find here. It was a special night and what better way to celebrate than coming to Monkey Bar… My better half went in for the Sangria Slush which was amazing with its sweetness as well as tartness and I went in for Mangaa which was mind blowing with vodka aam panna jeera and sweet lime. I also had a monkey mule later :). As good as it can get. As starters we ordered tiger beef which was a special along with their specialty burger Old School. We did order another starter but frankly I don’t remember it. I only remember it was delish. Enjoy the visuals
                                                                ...Read full post on phenomenal-cuisines.throodalookingglass.com"
"Had the chicken wings with blue cheese dip, it was pretty nice. Pandi Curry was a big bland. Could have been more spicy. The Lamb Blue burger was good not great."
Went with a friend to this place . The ambience is amazing. The food was lip smacking and finger licking. The special chicken tikka with rice is awesome. Will love to visit the place again .
Great food! Left my bag there (Asus with a MacbookPro inside........and some fruits in the outer chain ). Food was great and so was the crowd
The music was nice and not too loud. The long island ice tea was awesome. Gave the kick. :). Actually any cocktails here you try are good. try the little burgers there. It was really good. Being a pub i never expected that an authentic gujrati food dal pakwan would taste so nice there. Something out of the box. Keep up the good work.
"A great place to hang out and chill with friends. Ambience and decor add a nice feel to the whole experience and spending sometime at the foosball table definitely helps. 
With regards to the food, ordered a whole lot and each of the dishes were wonderful. For veg- we  ordered the Loaded Nachos, cheesy fries and a veg burger which were good, no complaints.
For nov veg- ordered the Hot wings, Tiger Beef and the pork ribs for me was easily the best dish of the day (the best pork ribs I have ever had anywhere), the sauce was sublime. And to top it, we ordered the Mo Bar burger , a wonderful burger. 

Had the most wonderful time and this place is among my favorites now to hang out!!"
"We were here on a Saturday evening. I had plans of going back home early, because I had registered for an online exam the next day. Well guess what, I skipped the exam because of the kind of party I had over here. Wonderful crowd, amazing cocktails and a brilliant DJ. It was my second time and I'm sure it will not be the last one."
"Went here on Independence Day to be surprised with a Independence Day special menu and drinks. 

We ordered the pandi(coorgi pork) curry with pita bread and the pork momos. 

The pandi curry was dense yet light on the palate. The pita bread was also beautifully baked and soft. The combination literally melted in your mouth. 

The pork momos were also delicious. Dip it in the chilli sauce and you are left happy! 

We also ordered the chocolate cake with ice cream but it was disappointing as the ice cream was not well made and the cake tastes of dough."
"I love the ambiance of this place above everything. If you want to shell some bucks, go for this place for it's food. Chicken wings and rice along with some drinks made the day."
"Nice place ,the ambience and the decor is very inviting the food is yumm although I feel they could be a little more generous with their portions"
Loved the place..!!...lighting is such that after on drink you start feeling light..good music and food was great..we all tried veg that day and it was worth it...even though i hardly eat veg outside..;-)
"An awesome bar for awesome debauchery. The interiors are very well designed. It doesn't have 80 tables squeezed into every possible corner to suffocate you. Yes, take a good table and enjoy the wall decor. The LIT was really refreshing. The food doesn't let yoh down. It is worth going for the daily specials they have. Yes they have draught beer in mugs too!
If you're unsure of where to go in Indiranagar, pay a visit."
"Visited Monkey Bar on my last day in Bangalore after which I was shifting back to Mumbai. And I was wondering how was is that I had not visited this place before?
The pub is good enough. I ate a lot. The prawns were amazing. It also has a pool table. The drinks were great. The service was good to, brownie points to the staff. But, it is very expensive."
"The ambience of this resto bar is what I had heard why bangalore had the best resto bars. With an in house dj playing some great hits, the atmosphere really brightened up. We ordered a couple dishes and almost everything was tasty and was gobbled up pretty soon. We ended with a round of tequila shots and they were the highlight of the evening. Great experience! Definitely going back here"
"Quirky decor, great food, foot tapping music AND Valet Parking! What's not to love?
And if that's not enough, a Foosball and Pool table as well!
 The Nachos were pretty good. Crisp Nachos with Fresh cream just like you would want it. The drinks were good and cold. For main course we had a Burger and some Mushroom rolls. The Burger was pretty yum. The ambiance of the place was also pretty cool. Could be a perfect party place for young crowd!!"
"This is one of the good pubs in Indiranagar. They have two floor for the guests (ground & first floor). The music was at the right volume that you can converse with others without having to talk loud. The food, drinks and the service was good. Some times when the place gets crowded the service may get a bit slow. They have a good collection of finger foods. And it would be nice if they add few more light meal options."
"The best place to chill with friends. Once I tried monkey bar out, I  was obsessed. The beer, butterfly chicken and foosball is a tradition now. The music is great and so is the ambience. They must up their game in the dessert section, but their finger food is on point. Want to have a good time? Monkey bar is the choice."
"Good place to hangout with friends. They have a snooker table as well. 
Must try includes - Dragon cheese rolls and seven kingdom cocktail (if I remember it correctly). Rest of the items that I have tried meet the expectations."
"Awesome place with great music and ambience.. Crowd is good & the music wakes u up
Drinks take a lil time, thats bound to happen on a friday night when u r choco blocked...
Recommended to have a space reserved if its a weekend or go there by 8!! In terms of food - The Nachos were pretty good. Crisp Nachos with Fresh cream just like you would want it. The drinks were good and cold. For main course we had a Burger and some Mushroom rolls. The Burger was pretty yum. The ambiance of the place was also pretty cool. Could be a perfect party place for young crowd!!"
"No worries about parking , No worries about the food. Its definitely promising and a great place to hangout with your friends. 

They have pool table as well. So you won't find it boring. 

Natarajan
shopkabaap.com"
"Monkey bar is a modern retro bar serving up some really delicious food. 
Starters:General Tsos chicken which is sweet sour and sticky Chinese wok tossed chicken. The crab Rangoon are sweet meat filled wontons. The malabar Khema samosa are fried delights. 
I would sincerely recommend ordering some starters and drinks instead of the traditional method of ordering a starter- main- dessert.
All said in the mains the coorg Pandi curry with pita bread is a big time hit along with the Mo bar burgers which has all the American works for the burger. 
If your the rice kinda person then the berry pulao should be your order- a must try. 

And to end it all for a completely satisfactory meal- order their pot de creme- for the chocolate and caramel goodness which make you go weak in your knees. 

Note parking on 12th main is a hassle- so take it as a word of caution when you head to monkey bar.
                                                                alifeofjoysite.wordpress.com"
"Had a nice time. My friend and I took beer mugs and cheese monkey fries. There was no rush because we went in the afternoon, so service was also great."
"Decided to celebrate my bday evening here! The place was buzzing with crowd even on a Tuesday evening. The music was great and so was its interiors n the retro design. The drinks menu here is quite extensive. However they can improve on the food! The pork rib was too saucy n sweet in particular. Inspite of ordering so many items, the bill was very reasonable. Overall a good experience and a nice place to hang out in Indiranagar! Let's hope they expand their food menu!!"
"Good place, although not a huge ass place (which i personally tend to like). Changing its location to a place where it is now surrounded by the best pubs in Bangalore, the guys in Monkey bar needed to get it just right and just right is what they got. Good music, Great food, and excellent drinks! Of course it is not a brewery and hence one shouldn't compare it to them. For a pub it did more than i expected! Kudos!"
"One of few places in indira nagar wch has long lasting customer oriented plc u will see.
Pool table with drinks that the Best thing 2 hv.
Good food n service but their were few crowd was missing out their. So went 2 other plc"
Amazing place to have a few quiet drinks. I had a twisted lemonade and my friend ordered a sangria slush. The drinks were pretty good. Definitely coming back here.
Woohoo..!!!so lively place it is...perfect pub..young crowd..the ambience will get a thumbs up from me..tried few cocktails..they were very smooth..food was filling nd tasty...pork dishes are a must try here..
Nice place extremely nicely designed. Food is avg drinks nothing to talk about excellent music dj was really good playing chillstep progressive music. Excellent atmosphere wish the food and drink matched up to it.
"Monkey bar lives up to its promise of being anything but usual with its originally named delectable dishes and the yummiest cocktails ever! 

The laid back yet eclectic ambience of the place, most notably the rustic brick walls and funky pop culture posters, make it an ideal place to hangout with friends and enjoy a good game of pool! 

The Tiger beef hits the spot where spice is concerned and lives up to its reputation as one of their signature dishes. Also recommended are the Quick Gun Murg-Hen, The Pandi curry and pita as well as their Lamb burger. The Manga is a must try for those willing to be experimental with their alcohol and finished off with their truly excessive Flourless Chocolate XS Cake! 

P.S. They serve a pretty mean breakfast too!!"
Loved the place and the food and thr music... Must say this monkey bar is really good compare to the old one. Was there on a Saturday ... Amazing music and food was very good... Drinks are not too expensive. A must visit place in indiranagar :)
"Had been there by chance with friends, since we couldn't get seats at another place. Not much options on veg starters, but whatever they have is yummy. Drinks menu is quite elaborate and the serving is quick enough. The ambience is amazing, and the DJ rocks. Very less capacity though.... But still a good place not to miss out on."
"Good place to hang out with friends 
Ambience is good 
There's a pool table on the 1st floor 
We went out for dinner and were not disappointed"
This is my happy place. Amazing food and ambience. It's always buzzing with energy. I have never been disappointed with any of the dishes I have taken in the 3 times I have been here.
Excellent service and food. Very tender chicken amd well prepared. Staff was very attentive. An ideal place for weekend dinner. Their cocktails are good too..
"Nice place with good music and good crowd. I ordered nachos which were really good. The place becomes really overcrowded after 8, later people stand at their own places to dance since there is no dance floor. Best part is to play Fussball and pool which are available there."
"What new can be said about Monkey Bar when there's already so much said. This place is a must-visit place in Bangalore. It has amazing service. It is a 9 on 10 for ambience. The food here is delicious and goes very well with alcohol they serve. Do not by any chance miss the fries or the vada paw here. By no chance should one miss these things. If you have a crazy squad, don't bang your heads thinking where to go. Monkey Bar is a beautiful place to hangout. It is divided into two floors. Always try getting seats on the upper floor. The people that come here are more crazy than you can imagine. They have really cool coasters which you can take home. You should not miss Monkey Bar if you are in Bangalore."
"Nice place, shady  and ambience is best! The food was not upto the mark, but you should try the different COCKTAIL they offer👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼 MONKEYS must go 😄😄😄"
"A bar-hopping Sunday evening with cousins brought me to this divine place. This place is a visual treat. It has the craziest atmosphere. It's always packed like sardines in a can. But oh the feel....the feel maaaaahn ! The music, the hip crowd, everybody tapping their dancing feet...if you want to forget all your woes for a while then this is the place for it. It's a bit pricey but those extra bucks you end up shelling out will be completely worth it. I can assure that you won't be disappointed.
Go, now !"
"Nice  place with retro style ambience.  Lovely setup. . Ordered  beef burger,which was awesome. The place was full with young crowd , withfull energy. The ground floor turns into a dance floor after 10 .  The place is very crowded on weekends. . A must visit place with friends if u like dancing :)"
"A place where you just wanna dance and enjoy loud music and good food, because the music is so loud that you cannot hear anything what the next person is saying.I had been here on a saturday night, the place is crowded on the weekends i suppose but there service is really good.Must haves would be chicken wings, they were so yummy and spicy. A great place for the weekend madness."
"During our visit here, we had the butterfly chicken which is indeed a signature dish of Monkey bar. We had Aam Panna juice and the Banana Nutella Smoothie for drinks .Both came in good quantity and was too good too. 

The burgers were decent though not really much to rave about .But how the fries came in a cone along with burger was a unique of presenting. The ambience is indeed great too with a retro style. Overall a nice place to hangout and lets you experience something different from what you usually have otherwise."
"Awesome place with great music and ambience.. Crowd is good & the music wakes u up
Drinks take a lil time, thats bound to happen on a friday night when u r choco blocked...
Recommended to have a space reserved if its a weekend or go there by 8
Happy guest..."
"I really like monkey bar's quirky ambiance!

I went with my friend.We ordered Funky Monkey & Wild Leaf and starter combo.Drinks were amazing we repeated that.

For main course we order Jack fruit Biryani, that was so delicious.

Its a classy place.

Music is good.

The ambiance is awesome.

Valet parking & smoking area are added features.
A very good place to chill with friends and there is a pool table and a Foosball and can be played free of cost.

A fine place to visit with your friends or with your date, if you like good music and drinks that comes along with great ambiance !!!!"
"Went there on a Sunday night. The ambiance was good and there was good music. Since there was no seating available upstairs, we decided to sit downstairs. 
We ordered paneer Bao, a burger and butterfly chicken. The food was a little disappointing. Didn't like the butterfly chicken at all. 

But I wouldn't mind visiting the place again just for the ambiance."
A place that I'd say is very well lit. The Old School burger is a must try. Amazing food with an amazing playlist to enjoy the food with. Ambience - 5/5.
"Good place to hang out with your monkey frnds.. Drought beer is not the same what we get usually in other places,  not much diluted and got good taste..  Pool Table area is just perfect for smokers, pool and Foosball lovers.. I don't like the twisted steps though,  which makes u feel difficult to get down after a couple of drinks. Not worth for the bill u end up paying,  pretty expensive when compared with same level of pubs/restaurants. So 3.5"
"Awesome place for Friday night fun. Had heard about monkey bar in Delhi so the place lived up to the expectations. The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent. The music was fab and it felt as if the DJ was playing tracks off my playlist. 
The food too was great. Yes we ordered a pav bhaji too and surprisingly it was delicious.. 
Overall a great place to hangout and it's not even expensive.."
"Awesome place..! Enjoyed a lot the music n ambience here.. Went with friends to enjoy in a Tuesday evening to celebrate someone's birthday.. Had a good time!
We had pitchers of beer with nachos n mochar chop; followed by bean burger n spring rolls!"
"Went to this place for Saturday night party and I must say this place should be among one of the top dancing places in bangalore. A must for those looking to tap their feet... good crowd..
I was only disappointed with their beer collection...."
"My friends and I love to hangout at Monkey bar which is also very close to my friends place , gets packed during weekends however it is a happy place with warm vibes. The owners blend in with the crowd and ensure that everybody has a great time. Do try out their food, it's great. Their cocktails are nearly potent mainly try the seven kingdoms! A couple of seven kingdoms , you are..."
"Very good trendy place with lots of amazing cocktails.The snacks were good too.Music was fantastic,service was not up to the mark,otherwise I would have given a 5."
"The feel of the old school interiors totally gets me each time I visit this place. The integration of the red bricks, the lights and the music is what drives the crowd. 
The food and drinks won't disappoint you either!"
"Love this place simply for the fact that it is one of the rare places that is a bar, and also serves great food. Its always such a huge disappointment with the other pubs coz the food is terrible and i always come out dissatisfied. But Monkey bar is really good .. Try anything and it is good. Mutton Keema Bao is my favorite so far.."
Seems to be nice! Good food but cant remember anything that made me feel great about! It is pricey compared to other places!  none the less good place to be for a something new type visit!
"Loved the monkey bar at Delhi pyramid building came with same expectation and it turned out to be bad, please don't visit if there is a gig happening it's super super loud. Sanjy the manager dis not help by asking the performer to reduce the volume little bit low nor did he help in getting me a table far from the gig. People sitting next to us also left same reason. The place compared to Delhi is cramped. Me not visiting next big NO cause management did not help me"
This place has a retro feel to it...We went in a weekend and it was pretty crowded with no please to breathe.The food took some time to come...but it was tasty.
"Very regular hangout... I go for the food more than the drink. And they keep changing the menu frequently enough ... so you do get to try great new food. gets a wee bit crowded on Fri-sat... but that's ok.
also, if requested they do make your birthday kind special."
"Visited Monkey Bar on my last day in Bangalore after which I was shifting back to Mumbai. And I was wondering how was is that I had not visited this place before?

Even though it was a week day the occupancy rate of the place was pretty high. We took a table but majority of time was spent on the pool table. Quite a few people were there so had some good games on the pool table. The staff was good enough to bring the drinks and food to the playing area.

In terms of food - The Nachos were pretty good. Crisp Nachos with Fresh cream just like you would want it. The drinks were good and cold. For main course we had a Burger and some Mushroom rolls. The Burger was pretty yum. The ambiance of the place was also pretty cool. Could be a perfect party place for young crowd!!"
"Monkey bar is nice place in Indiranagar food starter crab Rangoon , butter fly chicken,Pork noodle this all is nice but the beef was not up to the mark good place to visit of group of friends"
Awesome !!superb food. Met some old friends after long time. It was Saturday night so danced a lot with friends . The food (specially the nachos veg and non-veg) both were good. The prize was reasonable and the ambience is good with pool table and also a foozball table which keep you busy with food and drinks ! The crowd was too good and the service was good too !! A must visit place in Bangalore !!
Nice place to hangout and chill when you are with friends. Place gets really crowded during weekends and the rusty music they play that matches with the crowd and retro ambience there. You will really feel like pumped up after mixing with the environment. The things are little overpriced. Otherwise a good place to shake your legs.
"So this Monkey Bar visit completes the circle for me as then I would have visited all the 3 Monkey Bars. Yayy! I love this place. The food, the ambience, everything! Although I must admit the Delhi one is my favorite. Of course I had to have the butterfly chicken, my staple food at Monkey Bar coupled with my gin & tonic. Happiness :)"
I am here for business and drop by here. However it is totally bull shit. Guy intentionally gave wrong exchange. You have to be cautious on it.
It is a pretty good place.. The food was amazing.. Felt like it is little expensive.. Lastly.. The quantity is low but tastes really good.!!
"The place is fun and lively.. starts picking up after 21:00..
 love the dj..the liit..devil's fries.. great place for a date.. the only issue is you won't get a place to sit during the weekends after 7. MUST VISIT👍"
We had visited this place last week on a Saturday it was very crowd the best thing about this place is they do some nice cocktail lf you having a group liking for some nice cocktail this place is highly recommended friendly staff it was an nice experience
Today was my first visit to monkey bar and I really liked it. We ordered minimal food and everything was delicious especially the Crab Ragoon. Drinks were also pretty good except the green apple mojito which was very sweet. Ambience was also very pleasing and waiters were attentive. I would love to visit again and also recommend others.
"If you want a fun place to dance, enjoy the enerygy and also avoid the dark and noisy places you should go here on a saturday night because that is when this place is the most lively and that is when you truly understand the essence of the place. I love their maanga and the food is quite good too. This outlet is smaller than the MG Road one but its still quite good and warm. I find this place a perfect party destination in the city and is well suited for large groups."
"Good choices for international drink... and nice place.












.


















.


















































."
"Great place. Excellent ambience. Mojito was delicious. The Tacos were very very oily, and taste wise only passable. Good service. Expensive."
"Quirky decor, great food, foot tapping music AND Valet Parking! What's not to love?
And if that's not enough, a Foosball and Pool table as well!
On big problem? Getting in on a crowded evening! And once you do, catching the eye of the busy as bees wait staff who do their best to accommodate everyone!
We've found a solution though, we drop in for, their famous, Weekend Brunch. If you go early enough you can pick your table and enjoy the food at a leisurely pace before the crowds start trooping in.
I am a big fan of the Cinnamon and Toffee Pancakes and Egg Kejriwal. The husband enjoys the Kheema Bao. Innovative menu and awesome plating make every visit something to look forward to!"
"U want the best cocktails in town?? Don't think twice, head here !! Been here a couple of times and it is one of the finest pubs in bangalore . They serve cocktails in cute jars . Ordered their MAANGA cocktail and as the name suggests it was a pure raw mango punch ! Food is good . Try their prawns. A little on the expensive side. Ambience is the usual. U can play foosball when u get bored !!"
"Went here once with a few friends. I don't drink and hence cannot comment on that aspect. Food was good, ambience was good and the music they played was nice too."
"The first time I went to this place I had a hard time locating it. It had a tiny board with monkey bar written on it in an illegible font. The pub is good enough. I ate a lot. The prawns were amazing. It also has a pool table. The drinks were great. The service was good to, brownie points to the staff. But, it is very expensive."
"Its a nice joint on the 12th main to hang out with friends. We went to this place to celebrate a frnd's birthday. For the drinks we had ordered wild leaf, monkey funky and watermelon mojito..... It was quite up to the expectation. Then along with it we had ordered nachos, monkey chicken, cheese crabmeat wantons. It was the food which will really drag us again.... we all quite enjoyed it. The ambience too was enticing....hope to visit the place again."
"It was a random selection for one of ma frnds farewell. The music.m,ambience and food to mention was awesome. My friend from North East suggested to try the Naga pork noodles..... Seriously it was the hottest food I had ever had. And not to mention if the more hottest giri y find n d pub...simplyy put...HOTTEST N CLASSIEST F THE BARS N BANGALORE. Amazing food nd a very good service. Kudos guys👍"
Went there for a friends treat on a weekend...really nice crowd....music played was good...drinks are expensive...burgers are yumm...nice starters
"Ahha this place is what you call class apart.. I am a regular here..sat night trust me this is just the place to be... and I so love this place.. DJ is amazing... always have the paneer tikka over here ,it's damn amazing .. great ambiance and just the place for party lovers.. the crowd is always amazing ... I would suggest go for it.. (Y)"
"Awesome place with good food, drink, music and the crowd. Love going to this place. Must try their manga, a raw mango and vodka drink. even if you usually don't like vodka , you'll love this one."
"I've to start by admitting that I'm perhaps not their ideal client. So when I say that I felt like something out of the Jurassic coming into this place, you should understand. Having said that, even in my prehistoric times, a well chilled lager had its place & the lager here was insipid to say the least. The music, if you can call a cacophonous blast of electronica that, was a torture made further unbearable by rubbery chicken wings. The berry pulao was dry & chewy. Yes, there are a few chic blackboards,  a pool table & what not. But we dinosaurs like the quietness of an undiscoverable tomb, we like our beers chilled & served in frosted glasses & we like our food to engage our taste buds & olfactory tissue more than our jaw muscles. Monkey bar is aptly named- it is for the great apes, we dinosaurs should clear out."
A great place to hangout that has nice interiors and music.  It would be difficult to get a table during weekends so make sure you get in early. Cocktails are amazing and so is the food. I liked Mangaa and seven kingdoms.
"The ambience here is good! 
They have a pool table! 
The Mocktail's are amazing! 
Butter Chicken Khichadi was something new and worth the try! 
Food-8/10
Ambience-9/10
Value for money- 6/10"
Young air! Must try cocktail: Maanga. Another good party place. Decent food and spread. Not a couple's place for sure! Best for gang of friends to hangout!
So we went to monkey bar after hearing all about their drinks and burgers and I ordered a common strawberry margarita and I must say it didn't really live up to it. I don't know what went wrong with it but the margarita wasn't a Margarita. But the place seems nice.
So first off - I really like monkey bar's quirky ambience! I ordered dessert first - old monk chocolate cake (was too tempted to wait after dinner) and my god it was the best thing I've had all week! Rich with chocolate and a good amount of old monk to just take it to that next level - a fantastic dessert! Then we ordered the veg dragon rolls (stuffed with cheese and scallions) loved it! It was cheesy and flavoursome! The topped French fries were pretty good too! My friends seemed to enjoy their drinks and service was decent!:) definitely going back - even if its just for the old monk cake! Amartojit Basu Michelle Goodwin
"Great place, awesome music nice food and drinks ! 
Although we friends visited this place on a weekday, the energy in this sports bar was no less. It was the IPL season, and the young crowd left no bit to enjoy the match being telecasted there.
We only ordered for munchies over beer and a vodka cocktail-Manga. The nachos were very tasty, so was chilly garlic cottage cheese !  The food and drinks are slightly priced on a higher end. But overall one gets his value for money for sure."
Have been to this place with a group of friends .The crowd there was good and like the ambience on a Saturday night.The drinks were good but diluted.The starters that we had were nachos and chilli chicken that was good and also had chicken wings.The music played was awesome as the night progressed.Had a pitcher of LIIT that was a bit diluted.food is tasty out there.Would like to go back to this place definitely.
"Nice place with retro style ambience. They have a wall full of posters and quotes.  I went with my girl gang here and it was fun. Their menu is splendid and well known for burgers. A bit heavier on your pockets. But a fine place to visit with your friends or with your date, if you like good music and drinks that comes along with great ambience!"
"Great cocktails, wonderful menu selection, tasty food, reasonably priced and not bad presentation and plating.. The best part is the lively atmosphere and the whole retro look... Brick walls, dark floors make for a comfortable and cozy ambience., not snooty. In the evenings the whole place becomes a large dance floor... Great place!!"
Good food !! The best part which I enjoyed here is the fooseball :) the service is good too !  Taste the butterfly chicken ! Ambience is cool
"Good place.. Lovely set up! Good vibes! Feels very positive.. ! Friendly staff ! Tasty food, service is prompt ! Had a good time at the venue !"
My usual weekend haunt after some shopping in indiranagar. The ambience is pretty chilled out nd I like how it isn't crowded lik toit. I'm not sure if this is the case only during the noontime coz that is usually wen I visit this place. I love everything they serve. Especially their Cuban sandwich is to die for ! Their cheesy fries ( which I usually order with bacon) is good for time pass while u chat away with frens. Don't like any of the cocktails so much tho...
"If you happen to be in Bangalore and it's any night do visit this place.  Awesome energy,  cocktails and yummy food.  I loved this place more for the +ve Vibes and cool atmosphere.  They play all the billboard numbers so you can connect to the rhythm of the place easily.  Eat drink and dance what else you want."
"Foods & Drinks: 8/10
Service: 7/10
Ambiance: 8/10

Great place, great location. The double storied pub has cool decor and the footfall in the weekend is really high. We had chicken dump nachos, tiger beef and one more dish with lamb and Gobindobhog rice. Nothing to complain about. Food is excellent. The beef reminded me of Olypub in Kolkata though. Awesome place for weekend out."
"Went here on a Friday night... The place gets crowded almost by 9-10 and as the time passes by the experience gets richer... (I don't mean by the no. Of drinks u r down;)... Food is good having scope for improvement.. Ordered hot chicken wings (below expectation), butterfly chicken (yummy) and the most important part of the menu is Nachos which is a must have ! There is a long list of liquor to choose from ... Music could have been better, dj failed to entice the crowd for long. Overall experience was great!!"
Yum yum!! The food was yummy and spicy just how I like it! It has a foosball too which unleashes my competitive side💪🏻 Thumbs up for the decor👍🏻
Awesome burgers..... Ordered double beef burger and tiger beef for starters..... Amazing food.... The pineapple cheese cake was simply jaw drop tasty.... Can't complain about Nutella rum cake as well.... Great place :)
"I visited this place with my friends. They really insisted in going here and I just went with it. At first, I didn't really know what to expect. After entering, seemed like a really nice place. The music wasn't too loud. There was a smoking a section inside the place with a pool table. So, that was a huge positive. The starters we ordered were also pretty tasty. The cheesy fried and nachos were perfect do her food along with our drinks. I tried out Asahi beer and must say it was pretty nice. Not on the pocket if you're having a long night. But still, it was tasty. Dabbled in a few frames of pool and got back to more food. I really liked the ambience at monkey bar. Hopefully we frequent here more often."
"Been here on a weekday.. Place wasn't too crowded but the service was slow. Starters, drinks and main course were impressive but the dessert was not up to the mark. Ordered DBC and it was nothing close to the one served at corner house. Overall a nice place to chill.."
The wide variety of cock tai's and yummy burger made me relax with my frnds . they use funky jars nice to see it. Enjoyed a lot good place to try once with a wide parking .
"Live DJ, great music, amazing ambiance, great place to get a buzz. Very limited Veg mains and small quantities, but starters are yum. Worth regular visits. Non-intrusive waiters."
"For a small pub this place packs a punch. We went for a Sunday dinner expecting that the crowd would have had its share of fun already and we could have a smooth dine out minus the hustle. Boy, we were surprised! The place was almost full within no time and the loud music was kicking in along with IPL going on a big screen. The beer here is so so, nothing exquisite about it! Think they are better known for their cocktails but we didn't have room for any after what we ordered. The food here is unique! I guess very few places would have this sort of ingenuous food presentation and delectable balance of aroma and taste, even with so trite food items such as fries, burgers and noodles! It's not a hyperbole, you gotta feel it for yourself! The place is small ( not so big) but nevertheless offers a nice hangout option along with nice food and couple of drinks! Worth a visit."
"Went to monkey bar last night. Reached there quite early around 6:30.. Had heard a lot about the place but it did not impress me much. Music was okay-ish. We ordered veg nachos, general tso's chicken which was good. For drinks I ordered manga which was not good at all. There was just too much vodka in it , no taste of mango at all. LIIT was OK..again too strong. So was no impressed by the overall experience I had on a Saturday night."
"Have always liked this place. Good food, good ambience. However, the service seems to be slipping. Specifically ordered an eggless pancake. Was given a normal one. Tasted the egg, asked them and it was confirmed to be one with egg. Disappointed with this experience."
"A must visit place .. A YES and THUMBS UP for the place in all departments food , ambiance , music and collection of liquor. High pitched loud music accompanied with a big screen showing the live matches.. No dance floor but people just shake their legs near their tables. Nice crowd also.
Really nice experience overall , worth a visit"
"Monkey Bar is a place that is welcoming to all kinds of lads. Drinkers, non-drinkers, foodies, sweet-toothed idiots (like me), etc. It's hard to envision how a place can serve perfectly strong cocktails and super scrumptious food along with the best service and super chilling ambience. A little bit of the higher side, Monkey Bar is worth visiting once a month and burning a hole in one's Wallet. 

I likeyyy!!!
PS.. The chicken nachos and paaav bhaaji is to kill and get killed for."
"Simply amazing! Monkey bar is one place that consistently serves good food and drinks. I was a little disappointed to hear that they removed their potato skins from the menu coz that dish was fantastic.

We ordered so many starters that frankly I don't remember their names. All tasted very good.

Service is prompt and you can play a game of pool or foosball while you wait.
Thumbs up from me!"
Personally the much vaunted an hyped burgers were quite disappointing compensated by amazing sea food dishes . enjoyed the sat afternoon quiet ambience else weekends noisy crowd ain't for me
"Good ambiance.. Don't let Hassan  ""18"" or Masood ""09"" serve you. Worst experience. Took 50 mins to serve a starter
Butterfly checken + beer best combination
Rest all good 👌"
"This is a place for complete gastronomic delight right from sight, to smell and to taste. I had gone to their earlier outlet which I cant find here.  It was a special night and what better way to celebrate than coming to Monkey Bar...  My better half went in for the Sangria Slush which was amazing with its sweetness as well as tartness and I went in for Mangaa which was mind blowing with vodka aam panna jeera and sweet lime. I also had a monkey mule later :). As good as it can get. As starters we ordered tiger beef which was a special along with their specialty burger Old School.   We did order another starter but frankly I don't remember it. I only remember it was delish. Have uploaded the picture maybe someone can helo
                                                                phenomenalworld.in"
"Rocked up here for an afternoon beer session and was blown away by the setup.
Something eye catching all over the place and a very chilled out vibe.
Definitely a good tourist trap to visit."
The .5 is less only for the smaller place. Wish it were huge. The 7 kingdoms is an ultimate cocktail. It can blow out mere mortals. The food & music is great and so is the crowd. A must go!!
"This place is in the most happening part of Bangalore . Indiranagar . Nice music , drinks and perfect ambiance for a Saturday evening . Don't miss this place if you are looking for a happening ambiance ."
"One of the most happening hotspot pubs in Bengaluru. Great bar, hard to find a an empty slot in it. Hell of an ambience. Best place to hang around with friends and party hard. Food tastes average and service is mostly delayed (not complaining, given the rush!) Overall, it's a must visit for a weekend knockout.
P.S. - If anyone finds the dancefloor, please let me know how you got in (pun intended)."
"The dishes they have are off the block..:) different and are yummy to taste☺️ The Butterfly chicken here used to be really good a couple of years back. But off late I don't find it good enough to even taste... On the main course menu One must try the 'Chicken65' especially idly lovers... It's a different concept and I absolutely Loved it:) 
Even the 'Pandi curry and Pita' is one amazing dish.... I recommend U can try these. They are variety and not something U eat on a daily basis:) Cheers 😇💥"
"The place is nice with smooth ambiance. Has pool and foosball to keep you occupied with in the smoker's area. Monkey bar has good space for the crowd and most of them are regulars. The place is loud with chatter and the music gets lost in it which I don't prefer.

The pricing is a bit high and the service a little slow but apart from that I liked it. They got big projector screen for game streaming but wouldn't consider this hub for watching games.

Overall a decent joint for hanging out with friends or by yourself."
One of the best places! It hasn't lost it charm! The cocktails are perfect! And the food menu is full of pretty creative names but it is never disappointing. And the ambience is nice!
Nice place loved it good food good music played pool and foosball great place to be paneer kebab were yummy and cheese Pav bhaji must have Dj in the house was amazing playing really good music
"Great hang out spot!
Have been here a couple of times.

Food - 4.0
Place - 4.0
Price - 3.5
Music - 4.0
Location - 4.0
Ambience - 3.5

Never get bored of this place."
"The food was great. Though the service took some time. Apart from the service all were pros. The deserts were brilliant,and so were the burgers."
The food is good. Ambience and music great. The only thing that disappointed us was the pathetic condition of the foosball table. And also that the closed section with the pool and the futsal doesn't have many waiters catering to orders. We had to search for someone to place our orders.
"Although this is a very expensive place, but it has some great drinks and delicious appetizers. The dragon spring rolls and the drink named 'manga' were brilliant. The rest of it was average and overpriced. The place is very small, but has good ambience and decent staff."
"This place is one of the happening places in Bangalore. It is below fatty bao on INDIRA nagar.
The bar counter and the DJ is on the ground floor and on the 1st floor there is a dining setup and the game romm( pool and futsal )
The game room is full pack on weekends. They have amazing drink menu and the music is fantastic. 
Must try."
"Thing that tops my list at this place is the food. It's delicious and of real variety. I found a good experimentation with dishes done hear. I will recommend any dish made of shrimps here (is worth it). It's a pretty chilled out place with a good decent crowd. A great and pocket friendly restaurant to hang out with your buddies. Either dress up or stay laid back, you won't find yourself out of place since there s always a combination crowd here,which is again one of the factors I liked. 
Only complain I have is regarding the staff that took our orders, he seemed a bit arrogant, not so friendly or kind enough. The service and the taste anyways made up to our loss! ^-^"
"The place looks really good. There's a snooker table and foosball table. The food options are decent. I ordered a Go Veg Burger which was tasty and was enough to completely wipe out your hunger. In desserts, I had Nutella and Old Monk cake and Pineapple Cheesecake. Both were delicious and great. Overall, its a great place to hang out with friends."
I am in the place right now and the music is loud enough to kill me. I am a loud music lister myself but the treble here will kill me or make me deaf. Willing to take this review off as soon as someone acknowledges. The wait staff wont give a damn!
Located in Indiranagar area. The food is delicious and ambience is also good. Monkey Bar is a place where you can actually socialise with your friends  while enjoying pool or foosball! Yup that's right! Reasonably good place. Must visit. Happy eating!
"Went there just for the purpose of drinking. I really liked the ambiance of the place, with lively crowd and music. I can't say much about the food though, but I enjoyed my beer."
"A good place for a Sunday afternoon . Wish that they played some good music. Apart from that this place is so cool. Good service, good food & decent pricing."
"Always have a great time at Monkey Bar! Their watermelon mojitos are awesome. They have added new items on their menu from the last time. All that I ordered tasted yum, especially the pork dumplings. It would be great if a few extra seats were added in the pool table area."
"Went for breakfast. Everything was thumbs up ambience, music, food and drinks.

Recommended for chilled+sassy breakfast outings.

It better to make a booking"
"Monkey Bar thinks they can cheat their customers once they've had a few drinks. 

Made a notable mistake in the bill but the waiter just wouldn't admit it. This completely butchered my mood. 

I've tried almost every pub in Koramangala and Indirangar, and can confidently say that this was the most bitter experience I've had. 

Wouldn't recommend going here."
"We had our wedding party at Monkey bar. Atul  (the manager) and his team did a fantastic job right from the time I called up to enquire about rates to coming up with a customised menu for the group (since some of the guests were vegan) to providing impeccable service on the day of the event. The nicest part about their service was when they readily agreed to designing a themed menu card to be placed on the tables. They were open to multiple iterations of the design until I was completely satisfied. Atul's attention to detail and ability to respond to my questions promptly made this experience stand out for me. Over and above all this, the food and drinks were excellent. I would definitely reccomend them if you are looking to host a private party.

And I am hoping we can have a Monkey bar in Chennai soon! :)"
Itz a nice place to hangout. and ambience is pretty good..one of the best dish here is the noodles with chicken toppings and half boiled egg....datz one of d best and filling....
"Oh what a rocking dj and dance floor. Probably the best in-pub dancing arena in Bangalore. One can definitely sway in the beautiful crowd to show his/her best embarrassing moves, after a few drinks."
"Monkey Bar keeps its reputation of a brilliant ambience to drink and have fun with your friends while enjoying the music, pool or foosball.
Each item on the menu is worth trying and same applies for the beverages as well since they are reasonably priced.
Drink to try - The Hangover"
"Unlike others I would like to begin with the music at first....it was awesome...went there on a b'day bash...also had pre valentine celebration...the good was amazing....and would say the service was really very good as managing the crowd at the moment and that too without causing any delay is really appreciable...had tasted a few burgers,nachos,cocktails and beer...Fussball and snooker added more taste to our party..overall it was a good experience...would love to give it a visit again 👍😊"
The crowd was crazy. The music fan-f**king-tastic. The service was prompt. What else do you expect from a pub! Didnt have any food thought. It was only the beers that we gulped down. Will definitely go back.
"This is no doubt a super amazing place. Ambience is great..food is great..service is great. Luckily we got a table as soon as we entered (reached at 7:45pm for this). So if you are not that early then you might have to handle some waiting time. They have a pool table and foosball too. 
No matter what you order, you are going to like it.
Try the chilli cheese dragon and don't miss on the burgers which is one of their specialties."
"A great counter-point to Toit, this place has a warmth and vibe which is rare to find and tough to replicate, and they seem to be doing that pretty well (ref my other review of MB in CP, Delhi). Always difficult to find a place here, the Mangaa is the best cocktail but they have other great drinks too and the food is innovative and delicious. The music is a little all over the place and tends to be a bit too loud sometimes, they should learn from their Delhi cousins."
"A much better bet than its counterpart aka Fatty Bao. Good food, good music, good ambience. Love the way they style their dishes.(dear zomato, sometimes less than 140 characters are enough to praise a place!)"
"Calling it #1 is apt. The food is delicious. music is crazy and the crowd that comes here is great as well.

The cocktails are also quite good, good proportions of alcohol and unique combinations aside from the regular drinks"
Place was quite small to move our body on the dance floor. Too much waiting time to get seats. But the hospitality was quite good. DJ was quite good.
"I fell in love with this place. Even though it's a little noisy and little too dark, it has just the right note for w Friday/Saturday night party!!! The food is just amazing and the drinks are pretty ok too. I generally just fell in love with the food. Nachos, lamb rolls, French fries with cheese etc. Just go, let your hair down, dance a little, have fun!!"
"One of my favorite places to hang out for good food and nice drinks. Very interesting menu to choose from and read through. Really good quality food and delicious desserts, especially the Old monk cake and Pineapple Cheesecake are very tasty. Love the music here, quiet loud though. Chilling here with gang of friends is super fun while enjoy a game of pool. Staff is very good and prompt. Good experience!"
"Situated on a road that's full of watering holes and eateries, Monkey Bar stands out as one of the busiest hangouts. One may ask why and the answer is in their menu.

They have some of the quvkiest drinks and dishes, making it extremely fun yet difficult to choose from. I have savoured the loaded nachos and the cheesy kebabs both of which are sinful. The Monkey Mule and the Baap of all LITs are great choices, if you are a cocktail drinker.

The ambience is full of energy and with a double height ceiling the music, voices and cheers float throughout.

It's tough to get a place on a busy night but hang around at the bar, order your drinks and you might just get lucky with a table."
"Awsome place ...late night the entire place becomes a dance floor that crowded it gets...
Mind blowing music... Just luvd it and best part was they let us in at 12.30 midnght...aswell

Thank you ..team...

Must try place.."
"TRIPPY PLACE.
my frnz r crazy bout is place s dey r beer lovers.
Been n a wednesday nyt.
Ws quite crowded.
Great ambience.
Grt food..
Good mocktails.."
"Much bigger than its counterpart in Richmond town. The amount of natural light during the day makes the place look great in the afternoons. The drinks are relatively affordable, great place for grabbing a few beers. The food is pretty exciting as well. They have some very interesting starters using all kinds of meats. The burgers and sandwiches are great as well. The Cuban sandwich with pulled pork and ham is the one you need to chow down. The Asian bowls are great too. The mobar pork is just deliciously cooked!"
"I am terribly upset and regret visiting to this place with my friend.

Very noise centric hangout with alcohol and loud noise in this club-Dresscode what people wear was terrible.


No proper ambiance and wine.There was a confusion with the Monkey bar staff and The fatty Bao when we checked out for parking. Burgers and Burgers only nothing innovative

Below average food and not a hospitable place.. Highly not recommended.."
"I can completely vouch for the quality of food of this place. Ambience,service  is good . They have a great variety ranging from crabs,to pork,beef .Only problem is the place might get really crowded in the evenings on weekends as it is not too spacious .So reservation is definitely recommended on weekends."
"Monkey Bar is one of those very humble places in Bangalore that surprises you after you visit. They serve good drinks and cocktails alright, however, the food here is excellent. They have a very unique menu (check out the interesting menu card), and I really loved every single item I had, including Paneer Bao, Ricotta & Paneer Kabab and the very interesting Dal Pakwan. Great place to spend a good weekday evening."
Good place to hang out on the weekends. Good music and good crowd make for a good night out. Must Try: 7 Kingdoms! Drinks and food are both quite decently priced. They could do better with seating availability though!
"Have always loved the food here. 

Recently when I stepped in , I realized they had totally changed the menu and added more dishes. 

We ordered for aunty Pereira pork and tiger beef. Some monkey cheese fries. The cheese fingers were delicious !! And my all time favourite has to be the dessert Salted Caramel Popcorn with lemon cake. Delicious !!"
"Its a small and cosy bar. Ambience is as usual with good music. Food was awesome!! I loved their cajun chicken and sausage wrapped in bacon, really yummy! We had a number of shots including flaming shots( i liked that) and then the burger was juicy and yummy! :)"
"Heard about the breakfast menu at monkey bar and decided to give it a shot. The food options are limited but its a rich experience of an american breakfast. 

Also the bar menu is  limited, wish there were more options there. One thing I generally like at monkey bar is the music but the breakfast menu seems to lack that too. 

But on the whole its a great place if you are looking for a place to have a good morning conversation."
"Monkey bar was a great place to chill till they increased their prices. However, the drinks are all great having said that, rarely anyone goes wrong with alcohol. The berry pulao, the chicken stroganoff and the burgers are godly. The portions are just about filling. You have place for desserts after a dish though, which can be construed to be a good thing for some people. However for cheap people like me it only means the added cost of the dessert. But yea. It's a good place to go to with friends with heavy pockets and a knack for snooker."
"The food was an average one. Though the drinks menu was quite exceptional..Overall experience a little above average..To be honest, food didn't go well with my taste buds, found veg burger bun too crumbly and eggs too sweetened with tamarind chutney.. A must visit place only for mock tails and cocktails. ."
"Great food with good Draught Beer.  Crisp Review would be
Awesome Ambiance, Swift Staff and Great Food. 

If Foosball and Pool table doesn't occupy your time then there are plenty of posters to just stare in between of boring conversations.  

Was really Enticed with Burgers and their flavors/colors of bun.  I would recommend Idaho Bill and Tikka My Rooster for playing it safe for the first time ;)
Just in Budget for a great evening."
"We went to Monkey Bar as a result of not getting a seat at Fatty Bao which is right above Monkey Bar. Sunday lunch and expected to be busy, but we were early (12:30-ish) and hence, disappointed at not being able to get into Fatty Bao. However, our experience at Monkey Bar didn't disappoint us at all.

We ordered drinks, the kids had some mocktails. And we feasted on the appetizers. They were delicious and filling. So, we stayed with appetizers and didn't venture into main course. 

The ""loaded nachos"" were definitely very-very nice. So was the ""crab rangoon"". The ""malabar keema samosas"" were good too. The ""wild leaf' and ""manga"" drinks were good. (Note: We love tropical / fruity / fresh flavors.)

The ambiance was quite interesting. The service was prompt. The recommendations were good. Also, they have valet parking...so, just leave your car keys with the valet and walk right in!"
"Music, food, ambience, crowd well everything about this place is awesome...I lyk tge concept and the theme Monkey bar bcz aftr getting drunk we all behave lyk a monkey...Jokes apart had a gud experience...Do visit this place guys"
"Friday night - fully packed, loud & electric! Started with Mushroom rolls- well cooked crepe rolls loaded with mushroom, pudhina chutney was a decent combination. Paneer pao was disappointing- beyond the novelty factor, it was like a stuffed idly! Could have been better if the burji was a bit spicy.

Seven kingdoms was a generous cousin of LIIT, served in sthg like old Horlicks bottle- worked well for the entire evening. Funky monkey was equally good is pretty pink.

For main course, we had the Naga noodle bowl, which as warned by the staff was super super spicy- but the veg version with paneer slices on the top helped us get through the spicy feast. Definitely an interesting choice!

Overall food range is clearly designed to be different -making it exciting to try! 
Best way to spend a Monkey bar evening is to go early - grab seats & drinks!!"
"First time I stepped in is during christmas....christmas special drink..Beam and Pop"" it has Jim beam, butter vodka,  butterscotch ice cream and caramelized POPCORN ..yes!!popcorn..!!.and damn..was it yummy...!!! Next would be my ever favorite now.. Mobar burger a.k.a black burger...I have always heard about it..and when I tried it..damn every beef lovers fantasy. ..plus you got bacon in it...what else do you need...ever since then I have been raving about it..many friends of mine,have already dropped by to have it and yes ..every single one of them loved it..!!!
Ambience is a plus.superb.!!...good music..!!"
"Weeknight or weekend this is a fantastic place! Great buzz and almost always crowded, its the right place to hangout with friends.  It has a cozy living room atmosphere. The drinks have a fun twist to them. The food is mostly finger food and serves the purpose of being pub grub. The service is as good as it can get for being soooo crowded. Been here dozens of times and still not bored!"
"Friday night at Monkey bar was absolutely amazing! The ambience, the music. The service is a tad slow thus the 4.

We arrived late but managed to find a table. We ordered classic drinks that shouldn't be ideally rated (who rates beer and scotch right!) but their sangria was a little too sweet for my taste. I don't understand why does sangria have to be made like a wine fruit salad! Why doesn't anyplace serve overnight sangria anymore.

For food we had cheesy fries and nachos.Both perfect munchies so no complaints there."
"It's quiet during the afternoons, starters are really good but not too much option for maincourse I feel. No pasta even. 
Although the veg nachos were very good compared to other places. The twisted lemonade was a nice cocktail to have while chilling with your friends n playing a little bit of pool n fubsball. The butterfly chicken tasted good in terms of the tenderness as well as the sweet n spicy sauces it was topped with. However, one drawback was all the oil that came onto ur fingers/palm while u tried eating the butterfly. 
Overall it was an okay place to chill, perhaps coming in a big number would be better. Even price wise. We were 4 of us spent 2.2k jus for these items."
"This place is quite similar to the planB franchise but yet different.
The drinks are good, so is the decor but somehow wasn't  satisfied with the food.
But do go and try their desserts😄"
"I never remember how the food was at this place, that's how hammered I end up getting here. For some reason, this happens to me only at the Indiranagar Monkey bar.

The huge downstairs hall is full of ups and downs (i've tripped quite a lot just getting ONTO my table).

But the best part would be (sorry for this, team Monkey) - but they have a HUGE indoor smoking section which is always home to an in-house cloud and pool table. As there's always a dearth of room here, i've managed to run into quite a lot of people and eventually socialize and get to know them. If your girlfriend's a non-smoker and you're in a big group, prepared to spend a lot of time away from each other at this place :D

All in all, it's a typical Bangalore pub, with good food and lots of alcohol, and a lot of people. It's biggest draw would be the demography of the people who visit Monkey bar."
The atmosphere is amazing.  The place gets crowded quite easily. Went there on NYE.  Had a great experience. Definitely a must try for anyone coming to Bangalore first time.
"A cool and funky hangout zone. Serves great cocktails and food. Mobar burger with black bun is out of this world!! A bit overpriced. But you will feel worth it, if u order the right stuffs. ;)"
"Visited this on a Sunday evening . Nice casual place with good music . For once , vegetarians have enough creative options to starters . We had Pao Bhajji , Cuban sandwich which was good . Mochar chop avoidable . Amongst cocktails , we tried monkey sour which was good . The staff was very friendly , quite unlike for a pub . We were served by Sanjay Singha ! Super guy .. Served us with a smile throughout ! Will definitely visit again .."
"Impromptu visit but totally happy with the place. The menu is quirky fun and traditional with a twist. Tried the general Tao chicken starter which was awesome. Followed by chilli chicken gravy with idli, and chilly beef with Pav for the mains. Both of which were great . The quantity was pleasantly sufficient for two. Must must try the chilly beef the best I've had in a long while...."
"The ambiance is just amazing at their indranagar restaurant. We sat on the first floor where they have a room dedicated to fuseball and a food table. We ordered some finger food like cheese fries and nachos with BBQ chicken which was ok. Now the menu is quite varied and they serve american , indian and south east Asian food. For main course We ordered the tiger beef , Cuban sandwich and chicken burger. The tiger beef had just the right amount of chilli,the Cuban sandwich which has bacon and pulled pork just had the right amount of sugar and spice. The chicken burger in their signature black bun was ok. They have a reasonably good drinks menu as well. Plan on visiting it again. Get there well in advance as they fill up fast in indranagar"
"Pre booked table for NYE. Reached around 10PM. Got a table easily. 15 Minutes later a problem with the AC above us and it started dripping water. 
Apart from that the cocktails were really awesome especially the monkey's last straw.
The food was good, we had ordered calamari, crab rangoon etc.
The place had amazing music till 1am. The ambience was really good. It's a must visit in Bangalore."
"If you like an indie-pop pub with awesome music; then Monkey Bar is the place for you.
The place is a little small because is super crowded on weekends, get a reservation if you are going there on weekend evenings. 
Do try the Cuban sandwich and burgers here.
They have a wide variety of cocktails, with colorful names too! You need to try the mother of Long island iced teas which is called Seven Kingdoms ( Game of Thrones reference there).
I went here for a Sunday morning breakfast too ( they open at 9am, yay!) and it was a pleasant experience; less crowd, tasty food and holiday vibe music....and don't you worry they serve cocktails in the morning too ;)
So head out there to Monkey Bar and monkey around to a fun filled evening :)
Ps: they have a smoking room with a pool table and foosball and an attached bar on top!"
"Great place to have a Kingfisher on draft with some good friends, have a conversation where you can hear the other person (music volume is reasonable and tunes are good), and vibe is kitchy/quirky/warm/non-pretentious."
"The place is pretty nice place to be and have a good time with friends. They have a foosball and pool table's for those who wanna play some game. The place is decorated pretty good and ambience, the music is also good. Sometimes they have games to play also."
"Monkey bar - Love their decor. Amazing place to catch up for a good lunch or an evening drink with yur friends. Music is nice, not so loud. Been to the indranagar one for first time and was not disappointed. Had their cheese fries, nachos and veg burger which was pretty yum. The place was nicely decorated for xmas as well. Nice place."
"The menu here is a book you would love to read. After that bit of reading, you will be delighted with the outcome. The meats here are well marinated and cooked well. Loved the beef & lamb!"
"Amazing place.. Will take u in your favourite American sitcom.. Food is good. Fairly priced. Try getting a table upstairs. On the weekends its a crazy place, a must visit for all the students. Cocktails are pretty strong,so better be careful when u order one..."
"Not sure why everybody talks about Monkey Bar, but I felt the place was not that great. The food was not something one would drool about later. Although I must mention Mangaa - an aam panna based cocktail was good. Music was nice but the place is too cramped up for space. The spiral stairs are a bit risky, specially when people get drunk."
"Bangalore, Beer, Bombay, Delhi, Food, FoodBlog, Gastropubs, Indiranagar, MoBar, Monkey Bar, Mumbai, New Menu, Pork, Restaurant, Review, Richmond, Sea food. Monkey Bar has been one of my go-to hang outs for various moods and celebrations. So it could be a game night or a lazy breakfast, or just one of those evenings you want to relax and play foosball, MoBar always has a vibrant, welcoming energy. While the Richmond Road outlet has been around for a while, the Indiranagar MoBar opened up last year with a larger venue and enviable location. They also opened up outlets in Delhi and Mumbai, and have now introduced a new menu at Indiranagar with a diverse set of offerings, picking out the best and successful dishes, across their other venues.
                                                                ...Read full post on sheknowsgrub.com"
"Their mini fridge behind the bar is damn cool. Be sure to check it out. 
Their pork with pita bread is really good. 
That butterfly shaped thing with chicken stuffed in is such a pretentious fail. 
Their manga cocktail is really funky. 
That giant table at the corner on top is like the round table where merlin king Arthur used to chill except that it's square. 
One downer-it's too good for its own good so it gets crowded as hell."
"I have been to this place with friends on my birthday yesterday night. Very delicious food and fast service. Finding a good continental restaurant is not easy. I have been to social,toit and many other in Bangalore. But none if them can beat Monkey bar when it comes to food. Believe me just go and satisfy your taste buds in this amazingly superb restaurant."
"Had a great time :)
The ambiance, the food, seven kingdoms and hangover!
A must visit with friends.
And free pool and foos ball never hurts anyone ;)"
"Abandoning my long wait to visit this place,I finally got a chance to check it out with my very special friend.We were elated to find it amidst the crazy confusing crosses of Indiranagar.But after landing there,we couldnt control ourselves from ordering amongst their mouthwatering description of dishes.

1. Menu- The menu has been very deftly crafted to include very different and unique dishes when compared with other Restos.(4/5)

2.Paneer Bao is a mediocre dish and even Mushroom Patty!Go Veg Burger also doesn't make u feel go wow .Its decent though.

3.Our cocktail WildFeast was the saving grace.

4.The fun part of the trip were the table games like Foosball,TT

One
time visit definitely .B
on Appetite:)Mayank Rathi"
"Have been here twice but never got bored of it. Though small, so pretty the place is. Though they don't have a dance floor, on weekends you would surely find the crowd getting up there seats and dancing to the beats. I would describe it as a very happy place. Never the least the Tiger beef out here is a must try if you're a meat lover."
"Brilliant Food , Brilliant Crowd, really makes your day out with friends after work. Went for their signatures with beer.
Will definitely return guys."
"The twist that the chef brings to the simplest of food and makes it taste yummier is unbelievable. The presentation, the ambience, the vibe this place has and the kinda crowd profile justifies why this place is one of the popular pub grub in Blore."
"Visited for a Saturday Lunch!! Place seems quiet during the day and noon time!! Sorry but low maintened, water dripping from Air condition vents. 
Food: Ordered 2 Veg and 2 Non Veg Starters.. Banana Crump, Pander, Chicken and Mutton!! All seemed perfectly cooked except the Mutton was a little under cooked. 
Butter Chicken Khichdi was my Favorite. Just loved the masala khichdi with chicken pieces. Along with butter Pav Bhaji was a side bite. Perfect combination. Tequila was as usual a perfect starter for me. 
Averagely Priced Place with some amazing varieties of menu, especially if you prefer non veg."
"This place has always delivered. The cocktails are spot on and different from any other spot in the city! 7 kingdoms is recommended for a good night! But its the food which gets me back.. Appetizers: the sorpotel pot is a stand out.great version of a goan classic, crab Rangoon makes eating crab a breeze in this form. I rarely get to mains..but the cubano pulled pork sandwich is the best in the city. A must visit!!"
"Definitely Bananas!!! Has got an energetic vibe or at least the music the DJ plays will give the feel. The staff was receptive and welcoming(they don't get annoyed with your stupidity after u get drunk). Lucky if u get a table, so be an early bird or just sway by the bar side. Wish i could take the liquor glass home. Just ordered for 2 sides suggested by the staff - pork and lamb(don't remember their names) and it was YUM! Will plan well in advance and go again!"
"I loved the wild leaf, Seven kingdom cocktail here they are definitely potent and get you happy high. The food is just too good butterfly chicken, prawn pickle, etc .. It's a super friendly place to chill, The service is up to the mark & the servers are very helpful. Had a great time will highly recommend."
"Maybe right to freedom of speech and genuine feedbacks don't deserve any space here...

Shocked!!! as my earlier review/feedback left here for my earlier visit at monkey bar and shared my experience of the behaviour of the manager has been REMOVED whereas i had got a reply from monkey bar team stating they shall take the necessary strict action with the manager who was on duty but in return the action taken here is ""REMOVED MY REVIEW"".

It was my first visit to monkey bar and maybe the last one as after I found out that the feedback left here has been removed

You should rather concentrate on taking required action on the MANAGER than REMOVING THE REVIEWS GIVEN BY THE PEOPLE WITH LOW RATINGS. Highly disappointing!"
"The hip-happening crowd and stentorian music of Monkey Bar is definitely going to turn heads of passers-by on the street towards it.

Upon entering the place, I didn't find it very roomy. Their menu is quite appealing with its dishes of one of a kind. But, again, their menu is not very extensive especially when vegetarian options are weighed.

We ordered mushroom rolls, quick gun murg-hen, shrimp n grits. All these dishes were scrumptious. We had banana Nutella smoothie that was delectable, and mojito.

They definitely have to work on being swift in serving orders to the throng.

It's a remarkable place with impressive recipes."
"I've never been to a Monkey Bar before and I regret it after having their amazing food. Their menu is very vast and one could select from a wide range of starters, kebabs and main course. It caters equally for both veg and non veg eaters. We ordered our own cocktails and drinks with galouti kabab, pork dumplings, a veg starter whose name I can't remember now, chicken wings. Every item was unique and we had no complaints about it. The pork dumpling was exceptional and the soup in which it was laid on was so tasty. Galouti was very soft and their chutney is worth to go with it. It also has very beautiful open brick ambience with lot of youngsters visiting the place. Overall a nice place to party and spend your weekends."
"Had an absolutely brilliant time!
Amazing food and cocktails (try out Copper monkey and Chicken nachos or American burger)
Has a pool table and foosball. Crowd was too good!"
"Monkey bar is one of the few places in indiranagar which you'll find full throughout the week. 
The cocktails and the jars they are served in are excellent. 
The wall paintings, the tailored menu, the fooseball table, the pool table and much more. That makes it one of the perfect places in indiranagar to hang out for no reason and just go there and keep ordering some amazing food."
"Been to this place many times with my friends and it's an absolute love.
The food was amazing. Being a vegetarian, when I always find trouble good food in pubs, I loved the food here.
The place gets crowded at weekends, but it is definitely worth waiting for the place :)"
"Your visit to this place is waste if you dont have seven kingdoms which was earlier called Saat Rasta its a devilish cocktail of seven alcohols with cranberry juice... inspite of overload of liquor the drink is awesome... Try their Kheema Bao, another awesome dish... for Veggies their Pav Bhaji is worth trying."
"Had been here yesterday... pocket friendly bar, awesome food and good music. Special mentioning - Quick gun muru-gun (chicken satay) and Butterfly Chicken. At the end, a good place to spend an amazing evening with friends."
"Talk about getting hammered on 7 kingdoms. Love that cocktail. Apart from that, love the crowd here and also the music. Extremely good choice for a friday or a saturday evening.

Nothing much to say about this place, Good choice of starters and cocktails are very well made.

Overall:

Food 3.5/5
Service: 3.5/5
Ambience: 3.5/5
Cocktails: 4/5"
"Great for hanging out with friends and colleagues. Their beers are very nice. Music is great too! Come early to get a place, else be ready to be nudged by everyone around. The pool table is also good fun, if you get a chance."
I must say that This place has one of the best ambiance and food quality. Starters main course dirks all of them are top class and I appreciate the service form them as well we got the food and drinks as and when we wanted.
"Ambiance :4
Food :1.5
Service 3

Overrated place, Need to improve the food menu.
Butterfly chicken is way to oily, via Amritsar -absolutely tasteless....extra loaded Nachos were just fine....need to improve /focus a lot on food."
one of the places I wanted to go finally happened# gud experience#bday treat#food gud# gud services # desserts ws yumm# excellent sausy chkn # happy go cx ..#gud crowd .#:)
Loved the ambience and crowd ... This is my first time to monkey bar had a great time and along with the drinks the calamari was absolutely worth a try! Definitely will drop soon :)
This is my first visit to monkey bar.Since we went on a weekend the place was heavily crowded.The variety of drinks was good.The food was amazing.If you are going there don't miss the butterfly chicken.The dish is such a delicay.As the name says its in a butterfly shape crispy on the outside with yummy chicken on the inside.The music and selection of songs were also good.We had an amazing experience.
Bunch of fags playing pool all the time. Bouncers are not at all co-operative specially ASHOK. Someone please teach them manners as to how to talk to customers.
"Too cramped and a lot of stags playing pool on weekends and not giving anyone chance to play. Moreover, bouncers are rude and ignorant and also not present half of the time:"
"Like , like , like ...Very nice place to go to for Breakfast / Lunch / Dinner / Drinks . Very friendly atmosphere & a superb menu . The food tastes as good as they sound & are presented in a nice way too . The service is quick . Can bank on this place anytime."
Visited this place twice now in the last 3 months- weekday and on weekend. Definitely a good- causal hangout place for friends with good cocktail options. Manga and Hangover were quite famous amongst the group. Food (veg) is average with nothing to compliment or complain.
This is one of the pubs in Bangalore where you can go actually to hangout with friends. Sometimes you need to sit relax and enjoy and this is a place where I can do that... besides the pool table and the fussball table adds charm to the pub.
Have  been there only once...while leaving banglore....I must admit thiz place is fckng happening lk hell....crowd was so cool nd d ambience ws ok ok...service was good...starter's were excellent. ..cocktails were really nice nd worth of money. ....I luvd manga....I hd atleast 6 or 7 pegs of them....must vist place for party lovers....
The black bun burger was something different! The bacon and the meat were cooked to its best.The food was lovely.I would recommend the spare ribs.They were really succulent.The price is bit on the high end but a place to visit with friends! :D
This has been on my to visit list for a long time now.. Monkey Bar always comes up when we discuss the burgers or Nachos. I cannot comment on the drinks here because I only had the beer pitcher so maybe my next visit would be to try the cocktails. In food we ordered the famous loaded Nachos. The nachos were spicy and the cheese and veggies made it a nice combination. Though I must say that it is not the best nachos that I had in Bangalore. They had cheese fries on the menu which I should have tried as well but I think I will keep it for my next visit. The burgers were actually good. My friends ordered the Go Veg and the lamb burger. These come with coleslaw and salt water soaked cucumber (i think so). I had the chicken burger which came in a red bun. I think the coloring used in the bun smelt weird. That kinda spoiled the burger for me! But my friends found their burger nice so I think I will give this place a second visit and alter my reviews accordingly :)
"Monkey bar is one of my favourite places to go to on a Sunday, for breakfast. 
The brightly decorated interiors somehow don't seem too gaudy. 
If you're there for breakfast some items you must try are the red velvet waffles and corn dogs. Red velvet waffles are something I'd never tried before monkey bar. It has a perfect blend of nougat and cream cheese. 
The corn dogs were delicious. 
We also had Brie or not to Brie omelette. 
Do have their fresh fruit juices. Albeit a little pricey, they're very refreshing. 
A lovely place all in all"
"The place doesnot need an introduction. A perfect place to hangout with friends. Theres a look table along with few more playing options in the basement. Nice food, economical alcohol, Raw ambience and great crowd. A must go."
"We went on a team drinks night out. Was decent enough, with a large crowd as it was a Friday night. Hence service was slow. Had some starters which were fine. Some cocktails we had, but one of them was terrible, don't exactly remember which one was it. Loud party music was being played, but there was no real space to dance on it. There was a pool and a couple of foosball tables, which could've been better had it not been the smoking area too. But then again, atmosphere was great inside the bar area, teeming with partying people. I still remember the excitement when lean on started playing :) So a decent place to go on a weekend night"
"INTERIORS 4/5 -
Exposed bricks with 
Decent ambience overall. 

SERVICE 4/5
Staff is knowledgable and pretty prompt 

DRINKS 3.5 / 10
Sangria Slush was ok - decent. 
Ginger Rogers (Ginger Ale) quite nice 

STARTERS 4.5/5
Butterfly Chicken - really good 
Loaded Nachos - 
Via Amritsar -
Lal Maas phulka 

MAIN COURSE 4/5
Idaho Burger - nice red buns with beetroot juice, tender juicy chicken, served with pickled cucumber and fries 
Cuban Sandwich - pretty decent. 

DESSERT 3/5
Pineapple Cheesecake - nice pineapple & caramel 
Nutella & Old Monk Cake - ok, not too good 
Chocolate Pot de la creme - lousy"
"I went there by chance because I had an hour to kill before my next appointment. I go in, there is a very nice vibe. I can imagine how this place would be packed in the evenings. Since it was just me, I sat by the bar stool. Staff were friendly. And the only food I had was the porky pork dumpling. The flavor just burst in your mouth especially with the meat and the sauce they use on them. The dumplings was cooked perfectly. I think I will go there, next time in the evening."
"Saturday nights are for Monkey Bar. It's happening, it's fun and you can let yourself go!
We were a huge group and once everyone gets into the groove, the entire place turns in to a dance ground. It's the most fun part here 
We had jäger bombs (hell yeah!) and a drink called hangover (this drink is bad). And tons of food, as you can see from the pictures! They age decent quantities and each dish we ordered was yummy. The only reason I didn't like this place is that because the management was very rude. I've been to Monkey Bar in Delhi and the people there are the nicest! But here once the bar shut down, they were literally shooing us from standing even outside the bar! Now this was uncalled for! No one was creating a ruckus or even shouting, but they said and I quote here, 'You cannot sit on the stairs'. 

I would love to come to the place again, provided the management learns a few manners. 

You guys are doing a great job, a little bit of etiquette will be even better!"
"A super awesome place at Indiranagar. Its a 2 story bar with a separate smoking zone along with a pool table at the 2nd floor.

They have one of the best interiors in Bangalore. Every thing inside the bar is presented very nicely. We sat at the 2nd floor and afterwards went in the smoking zone since my friends wanted to smoke.

Ordered Mangaa ( a mango bar special, mixture of vodka, sweet line, jeera,salt, aampanna and absolut), draught beer, whisky with coke, butterfly chicken and a monkeydbc ( brownie with icecream).

Mangaa and butterfly chicken are the must try items at Mangobar. This is a must visit place if you are in Bangalore."
"I loved the manga cocktail here.. and butterfly chicken, pork ribs, etc .. It's a cute place to chill, have some good cocktails and food...."
"I've been to 3 Monkey Bars (2 Bangalore and 1 Mumbai), and I must say this was the best one. Why?
1) Spacious. 
2) Uber cool Pool table and Foosball table!
3) Friendly staff, who came and saw to it we were enjoying Foosball :P
4) Cool posters all around (keeps you busy especially when you're waiting for someone)
5) Nice Service
6) Good beer
7) Good food
So we took one pitcher, some chicken item (which was yum), and Butterfly Chicken (they recommend it in every MoBar, it's a little too sweet but all in all decent)
Can't wait to visit again. ^_^"
"Great Hangout place with friends. It's located on 100 feet road just below fatty bao. They have great food as well. Tried their Monar Burgera, Pandy Curry and Crab Rangoon. All great flavours and good presentation. Good show team monkey bar. Wish you the best."
"Ambiance 3/5
Price 4/5
Staff 3/5
Food and Drinks 4/5
Love the drinks the butterfly chicken they serve.
I have visisted this place on a saturday evening with a friend of mine
Much seems to be young crowd vibrant..."
"This place is appealing from outside and also inside , due to its interesting intricate designs on the walls . We were very hungry and ordered nachos so that we could get it quickly. So it was basically the tortilla chips we get in packets nowdays and nothing unique of the restaurant . It was above average and then ordered butterfly chicken , too oily it was . I would definitely not order such a thing again but tasted good . Veg burger was disastrous coz the patty was just aloo n tasted real bad . The dessert Monkey dbc was equally disappointing,  too much sweetness and the brownie wasn't great . So with all this you have to end up paying a hell lot of taxes( 5 types ) which I guess no pub in indiranagar uses ."
My experience here was disappointing. We went here on a Saturday evening and the place was really crowded. We got a table on the first floor and ordered couple of starters. There was a pool table kept in the smoking zone. This table was surrounded by huge crowd. I neither enjoyed the time nor the food here.
"I think Jacob Cherian is the party encyclopaedia of Bangalore and many more places. He knows where we can enjoy the most.

Monkey Bar is branch for all party animals to hang out at. Food, wine and dance are all good at this place. 

Has energy flowing through it all the time. A must-party-at place definitely."
Great place for food and drinks in Bangalore Indranagar. Place has a variety of drinks including some interesting cocktails. Try the copper monkey. Food is awesome with some good variety. Tried the Goan Churizo Pao and I highly recommend it.
"Amazing place with great music and crowd. Visit this place on a Saturday night to get the feel of a jam packed pub house.
The ambience is great, they have a scooter placed vertically next tot the DJ Booth.
The food is decent but the presentation is awesome. 
The prices are a little on the higher side, but it's worth it for the experience and the crowd the place offers.
Visit this place with friends on a Saturday night to have an ultimate party.

Food : 4
Ambience : 5
Service : 5
Value For Money : 4
Overall Experience : Excellent"
"Have been here a few times and never disappointed.  The food is really good and comes with a lot of variety and twist to usual dishes. Their cocktails are yum but a lil low on quantity,  strongly recommend the funky monkey and copper monkey. Service has always been upto expectations,  even on a crowded Saturday night."
"I had my eye on Monkey Bar for quite sometime and finally found the company and time to visit. The décor is different and cozy. There's a foosball table and pool table as well. One good thing- their game room is in one corner and the rest of the restaurant/ pub (whatever you'd call it) occupies he rest of the area. That way the noise from the game room doesn't get infiltrated here.

The DJ plays music of your choice. The staff is polite and efficient. The service is decent. We ordered a pitcher of beer, I was not happy. The food was okay-ish. The cocktails were nothing extraordinary. I had checked this place out when I had just moved to Bangalore and was expecting my mind to be blown but was disappointed."
Awesome place typical American mix stuffs and the main attraction of the bar is the smoking area with the play stuffs like smoker and hand football as it was my friends b day treat it was another brilliant day to have fun .. Service was good .. Food is also good but some dishes weren't that great may be because our taste buds asked for different one .. And ambience was awesome with music overall very good place to hangout with ur folks
I enjoyed my night out here. Good Ambience. Great Music on Saturday Night. Only issue was it was v v crowed. And the smoking section is a big no no. Supportive Staff. Food was worth the price.
"I visited this place with friends on a weekday for drinks n bites. The interiors are nice - dimly lit, cosy with some good music in the background. Since it was a Tuesday evening, there were enough tables for 3 of us.

We ordered a green apple mojito, white wine and lemon soda. The wine and the soda were usual ... mojito could have been a tad better. To eat, initially we ordered nachos, paneer & ricotta (kebab) and pepper calamari. The nachos and the kebab were good, but the calamari was exceptional !! We then ordered a paneer dish, which was very so-so.

The dessert was a caramel popcorn topped ice-cream with poppy cake. It was really yummy. It is a good place to hang-out in the evening, or catch-up with friends. Overall, it cost us about Rs. 850 per head."
Awesome place. Amazing crowd. Difficult to get a table on weekends. Great menu. Burgers are really good. The place goes crazy after 10. Highly recommended.
"Butter chicken khichdi !!! slurp slurp ❤️
A random outing in Indiranagar led us to this huge pub with great service and good food...Indulge in the galouti kebab while listening to pop music or watching a match on the big screen 😊"
"The menu at the Monkey Bar is creative and eclectic- this is a place where one goes to truly appreciate creative gastronomy. Local and global flavours mix with a heady array of alcoholic beverages,coupled with the American  diner decor and the good music that the DJ spins will make any well- travelled Indian reminisce about their times in foreign shores. Try the flutterbies- savoury butterfly shaped philo-like pastry served with tangy chicken- and the crab cakes. Absolutely Yum! So are the cheesy French fries. You pay for ambience and the service does not disappoint. Meant for urban adults and not wannabes."
"Me and my friends had a very bad experience on 18 October 2015 at 9.30 pm. We were asked a entry fee of 200 rupees each by their staff.When we asked we want meet the manager,the staff said we can't. Coming out of the place we called the manager, the manager said there is no entry fee.
Feeling cheated by the Management we left the place. I would not recommended this place to anyone who want enjoy their weekends."
Had a wonderful time with friends.... Ambience is very good food was excellent especially loved the veg. nachos and a very friendly staff....
The Pickled Pork and Egg Benedict are 2 of their stand out dishes. Most often packed and just the kind of place that everyone would keep going back to. All 3 meals are served and there is always something for everyone. Somehow prefer the Indiranagar outlet to the Richmond road one.
"What I love most about this place is the amount of dedication and hard work they put into presenting each dish. It's exquisite ! The food tastes incredible and at the same time it's visually appealing , which is kinda hard to do all the time but these guys nail it every single time. This place is certainly worth every penny especially if you like some loud music and a fun place to hang out with friends. 
                                                                mrsfoodaholic.com"
"Awesome place to go with your friends for a drink after a long day at work! The ambience is perfect. The music is good too. Loved my evening here. The service is prompt, friendly too. Highly recommended if you work anywhere close to Indiranagar, this place promises you a good time and delivers if too :-) 

P.S Try cocktails, the gorgeous nachos and the salads."
I went here very early in the evening so didn't get a chance to hear the DJ. Very friendly staff and swift service . Loved their loaded nachos and cheese fries.
"Highly recommended on a saturday night. This place livens up like anything. The dj plays some really peppy numbers which compel you to start foot tapping. The service is amazing and the staff very friendly. The cocktail drinks are very good and decently priced as well. After around 11, you wont get a table so staying by the bar and enjoying the ambience would be the ideal thing. All said - a must go place during weekends to say the least."
This place has an awesome ambiance for drinking and dancing... the crowd is amazing and service is also very good... but it gets crowded during weekends.. as it should be... had an amazing time there!! only their whiskey collection needs an update that's it!
"The American cheese burger. Yes that could be the sole reason you would wanna go there. Not like other food is not good. They all are amazing. I like the whole ambience, specially the spiral staircase. 
Just that it's too loud and crowded on weekends"
"Monkey bar is a really conveniently located place in Indiranagar. It is run by the same guys as the Fatty Bao and the same high standards are met here - the food and the drinks are excellent. Their cocktails are especially tasty. It does tend to get very crowded very fast on weekends, though. The ambience is also quite snazzy - love the round windows!"
"A pretty decent place located near creamstone or the notable empire restaurant. Ambience was super awesome with lot many wall hangings and the hanging scooter was simply amazing. They have a lot of varieties on the menu both for the food and drinks so i ended up asking the service personnel for any recommendations so we ordered zho's chicken for starters, chicken 65 on the main course and monkey dbc for dessert. All were awesome and not to forget the idlis served with chicken. I didn't know what to do with it but it just went by easily. I went in the evening but i guess come night the ambience would become much better. I would definitely recommend this place and would definitely visit again for some other items to try."
Decent place to hangout with friends. The place offers you a good variety of liquor options to choose from along with some reasonably good eating options. Overall decent experience.
"So something abt the place that I like the most is the posters on the wall! A really good choice of them! The food is good, especially in the non veg section. Choice of music is decent; could be better. Cocktails served are really great (my fav. Copper Monkey). All in all a great place to spend an evening with friends! Cheers."
"No doubt Monkey Bar has set the bar for a lot of places that have sprung up in bangalore and a lot of other cities as well and they keep pushing the boundaries.
This place is nicely situated and well designed except for the dangerous staircase for a bar where people would be drunk to climb up and down.

Food:
-Butterfly Chicken : its a house favorite and one of the best dishes on offer
-Kheema Bao : its pretty good the kheema, but the bao is a little too thick. 
-QuickGun Murug-hen : its as funky as its name. Its spicy,sweet and tangy at the same time. Loved this."
"Wow.. What a place. Looks so sober from outside. But it's an awesome place inside. Excellent ambience. Awesome crowd and an amazing dj.

Butterfly chicken is a must try"
"THIS PLACE IS A DISASTER.
The name was funky, so decided to visit. The beer they serve is extremely sad. It's basically like 50% beer and 50% soda. There is no hope of feeling even the lightest of the buzz on their beer.
The food is equally bad. Had ordered Reddy's chicken and Lamb burger. Both were served cold. The Reddy's chicken was rubbery and not cooked properly. 
On the whole, this place SUCKED. 
I wouldn't revisit Monkey bar even if it is the only bar left on the planet."
"Never dissapointed with this place. Oh whatta place, Amazing food & cocktails
Real fun and happening starts post 11. People dancing all over the bar. Kick ass place to spend a night on weekends
Cheers!"
"We came here for breakfast. The place has a nice look and the music is good. But the service was not that great, since there was only one guy doing the rounds and we had to shout multiple times to get his attention each time we wanted something. The food was good, especially the pork dumplings and the eggs. But the 'ultimate waffle' was a bit of a letdown. All in all, a decent place to have a good start to a Sunday."
"MoBar! Great place to hangout. Good music, not too loud nor too subtle! You don't get regular food still leaves you many options to try with!! Tried chili cheese dragon and mushroom pan rolls! Both were a treat for your taste buds!! Especially the sauce which comes with chili cheese!! Goes nicely with beer! Bullets and bombs as they call their shots section , thumbs up.. Tried hangover! It's a great drink too.
I'm a veggie(veg food was great), n my non veg friends rated food as OK OK. There was nothing specify in NV!! 
Great place to hangout with snooker n Foosball around! I would visit again!"
"Always busy and is usually impossible to get a place here on weekends. Quirky with their ambience with very interesting elements artfully placed. Good place to let loose with some pool and good food. Price is justified for the quantity and quality of food. My vegetarian friend wasn't very happy with the limited choice for her! Been a while since my last visit, so the photos are anamikas. It wont be long before I m back here as its at the heart of the Indranagar I prowl."
One of that places where I would want to revisit. Very nice ambiance.. Awesome service and ofcourse yummiiee food. Been here for a reunion with old colleagues and it was indeed very nice experience.
"An evening very well spent.Went here with a friend after office on a tuesday and was quite surprised by the crowd.This place hosted very nice crowds.The food was delicious starting from butterfly chicken to tiger beef.The drinks were good and pocket friendly.Although we had all types of drink just to wind off the days work,from scotch to beer to shots to LIIT.Had a wonderful time and a special mention to the Lamb and Blue Berger...just yummylicious."
Music z fantastic nd nobody can beat it. Ambience z perfect. Drinks r fine nd music covers it. Food especially burger r delicious. Desert z yummodelicious.
"Visited this place on Friday night and found it amazing. The ambience is good and quite different from other places. The music is nice. As far as the food goes we ordered for the Veg Nachos, Beer and Peach ice Tea. Personally I liked the Nachos. allthough place is little overpriced but worth of the experience it provides."
Wow !!! Amazing place to be !!! Music was good as well !!! Had a bite of old monk desert which was a killer mouth watering !!! Service was of the chain !!! Very friendly staffs!!! Nachos wer another attraction !!! Overall had a good time great place to hang round !
"Had an amazing evening here. I went on a Saturday night so we gotta party till 1 😃 The place doesn't have a dance floor though, but after 10  the entire place becomes the dance floor, u have to really struggle to find place to stand and dance; that's how crowded it becomes. Good crowd, good music, good food. Do try the aam panna alcoholic drink. It's fab 👌👌 the only thing about Bangalore is that weekdays are only till 11."
"Monkey Bar (popularly called MoBar) has been going bananas, with rave reviews since it’s inception at Wood Street, and much more recently at its branch in Indiranagar!
Cheery Interiors, sumptuous food, refreshing drinks and friendly service! What's not to like?!
So, stop g'aping' around, and monkey your way to the Mobar."
"Good place to hangout....
cozy with nice interiors...music was ok can be better...service was ok...
Food was also good...my selects ...Chilly Cheese dragon..& Devilled Fish

Their drinks were very nice different and nicely made.."
"Good ambiance but food quality is not that great. Not very expensive alcohol. The location of the DJ is superb. They have a pool table as well if interested. They have a death sauce which you might want to try at your own risk. This sauce is a combination of 5 hottest pepper in the world. Try the kalamari fry, it's good."
"Fun place. You have Snooker and Fooseball,  along with lip smacking food and drinks :)
My picks would be Chicken  Wings with Blue Cheese dip, Butterfly chicken and Chicken Nachos. Burgers are great! And Dnt miss out on Manga ;)"
Perfect place of hangout with friends. Food and drinks are of great quality. Music played was awesome. Once high you get grooving. My experience was amazing. You'd never get bored here.
A nice atmosphere with subtle lighting and funky music..this place is a must visit if you're coming towards indiranagar. The food is appetizing and there's a lot to the menu. Decent pricing. Must try the butterfly chicken. :)
"The best part of this place is music, plays classics. Food presented well and tasty. We ordered chicken 65 which was served with idlis, thats a must try.... Going to a club and eating Idlis sounds a little crazy."
"So i visited this place on my first visit to the city..it was Overcrowded place on the weekend which was good. Good service. Great finger food.. Both veg and non veg..
DJ not so good..crowd was also okish..
But a good place to get sloshed!"
"Monkey is the best place to hangout!!
The interiors is just amazing... With sikne good posters on the wall.. But you don't get much of vegetarian food... Overall a good place to booze!"
"Overrated place. Came with team members in a wednesday evening the place was moderately occupied and the service was very bad. They were taking ages to get the drinks. Even the food was not up to the mark. Except the burgers, nothing is worth a try. A dish which had chicken 65 in its description was served with idli."
"Come weekends and this place is the one to be for all the party freaks like me to be ! Go early if you want a table, else you can just while away dancing on the floor and ordering drinks at the ground floor.  Amazing food.  Even better tequila shots :D they have the smoking zone at the upper level with a pool for all those who know to play snooker( me- clueless:D)
Price - not overtly priced.
Ambience- party on my mind
Food and drinks- level binge on
They have valet parking :) so don't bother about finding a place to park :)"
Been in Bangalore for just a month and been here already 3 times. That's how great this is. I like it because of the music they have on weekends. They don't have a dancefloor but enough space for you to dance if you feel like. The quickgun murughen is awesome. Try that!
"Nice place to hang out, good music, good food, and a nice variety of fun things to do whilst there...!!!  The ambience is one that is filled with joy and laughter.... Should visit if you and your friends want to monkey around and have fun together....!!!"
"Food: Superb especially try Nachos it's yummiee !!
Music: Just loved it
Service: Lol poor ever seen in entire Bangalore, even not seen such poor service in my New Delhi, NCR, Chandigarh, Jaipur.
Not got seat even at 7:30 pm Friday !!

Too short space and hence meaningless overcrowd.
Can not rate more than 3.5 out of 5.0
that's all !! :)"
"Nice ambience, good cocktails (go for the copper monkey), good food (try their burgers or chicken nachos) has a pool table and foosball and usually not as crowded as the other Indiranagar bigwig Toit. In other words a perfect place for a weekend hangout."
"Food : Tasty! Try Chicken Nachos
Ambience : Pretty good
Music : I liked it
Service : Why so late??

I cannot believe Monkey Bar's service is annoyingly late!! Have to wait & wait until I got my food. Well Corona saved me though. 
Just the service part needs to be more active!"
Chill Madi old rusty ambiance tiger beef with bear goes well dare to try d devil sauce but finally nice relaxing place to be with ur friends
"Think you had everything at Monkey Bar by now because you’re a regular at Wood Street? Well, think again because Monkey Bar Indiranagar is a whole new ball game. You aren’t a regular if you aren’t a regular at this joint too. Of course Wood Street has it’s own charm and will always hold its special place as Luru’s first gastropub.. that is incomparable! But, having said that, here’s 5 reasons you need to drive the distance and swing with Indiranagar’s Monkey:
                                                                ...Read full post on iheartblr.com"
"No second thoughts to give a 5* to this place...

Had been here last Friday (28th Aug 2015) and had a blast.. Fabulous food .. Awesome mix of liquor.. Good Music.. .

Even if you don't get a table you can stand and you won't regret.. 

My fav food --> Mushroom pan roll, Mee Goreng, The Mobar Bork
Fav Drink > Hangover"
"When in doubt, go to monkey bar.  When in doubt, order copper monkey. Don't drink whiskey? Order Manga. When in doubt, don't get a table, stand. 

This is my ultimate go to place for Friday/Saturday pubbing in Indirnagar. This and Toit, that's all I need in Indiranagar.  

I love the music they play here - I wouldn't listen to most of these songs by my own accord, but when they play it here, with the crowd, and few copper monkeys down - it's brilliant. 
If we can't decide where to go for over 10 mintues, everyone shetup and go to Monkey Bar. 

BTW, try the breakfast here - Waffles, with Vanilla Ice Cream and Bacon..... soooo goood."
Amazing ambience. Fantastic food. Something different from the other places. Slightly expensive but definitely worth it. Mutton preparations are yummy.!!
Awesome place... Great ambience... Great service.. Tried Seven Kingdoms... Loved it.. Nachos were also good... Had a great time with friends.. Nice theme. Danced a lot..
"A good place for the weekend ... An ambience that would attract a mixed crowd..

Tried butterfly chicken.. The shape was enterprising so as the taste to the pallet..

The place could be a good retreat to soothen your mind ."
"Had an absolutely brilliant time! Every time I go to monkey bar I go back with a whole new experience. 
I love this place. Always have. 

Until next time mobar! 😁😁"
"Food was very nice.Music was veryy good. I njoyed so much.service is also good, they are cool and friendly, we went on weekend, very crowded,didnt have room for us, they came to us to help with that.must visit place"
"We visited this place to celebrate one of friend's bday. It was a weekday afternoon so the place was virtually empty but that's not the case during evenings.

So we tried some of their quirky cocktails one was aam ka panna with vodka and was pretty good same was case with something called masala whiskey which was served in a copper tumbler. Cocktails were great and hit the nail. 

They also have some desi snacks to chose from like dabeli which was good too. Decor is fine but could have been better but again we all have different choices when it comes to aesthetic so don't wanna comment on that.

This place is worth the visit for its amazing cocktails :)"
"Pretty good! The ambience is nice. Its a bit smaller in regard with seating capacity but there are a few large tables for groups to chill. They have a ground plus one structure. You could find a pool table in the smoking area on the first floor. That is the good part. Apart from all this, the food is good as well though we didn't spend much time here. The service is ok and if you don't want to end up waiting, do get a reservation before you visit. Overall, a nice experience.
Ambience-3.5/5
Food-4/5"
"We stumbled upon this Monkey Bar outlet while taking a walk on the 12th Main. And honestly, I was NOT disappointed. The cocktails were well-mixed, the food was a plenty and on a crazy-busy Saturday night (we were seated at the bar), the staff never let us down. We went back again on a weekday and the experience was just was fantastic! Hailing from Kolkata, we loved the Tiki of Joy and the Galouti Killer is a must have ! Fantastic place!"
"Always good fun to be at Monkey Bar!

Perhaps the most popular hangout in Bangalore, Monkey Bar is surely happening enough for you to be in high spirits. The cocktails are good and their food complements them well. 

The foosball and pool section surely keeps you entertained. The energy is always buzzing and it's a great place to chill with your group."
"Monkey Bar is another little favourite of mine from Bangalore! Love the warm and cosy interiors filled with quirky wall hangings and lovely vintage music. It's a great place to get a couple of drinks and some great food. We had some Bang Bang prawns and Fried Calamari. They were both delicious. We also had some dragon chicken starters. We also had some Kingfishers and this insane cocktail of jäger and Kamikaze. Was fiery and crazy. Also loved the fact that they had Foosbaaaaall! :D 
Will definitely come back again!"
"Like the place so much even in my first visit.   Drinks - Copper Monkey. Too good and first whisky based cocktail I tried, tastier than I imagined. 
Food - butterfly chicken, Nachos, kebabs - veg and non veg ones. Everything was finger licking. 
Vibe of the place - went on a Friday night and it was brimming with energy. So reminded of most places in Mumbai I used to love to go to."
"I visited this place over a weekday after office and I must say it's ambience is refreshing. You won't find much variety in food but what all they have is good. You should give a try to burgers, pav bhaji, mushroom roll and dal pakwaan. Their choice of music was not impressive and expected. Staff was good and attentive with faster service."
"This place always surprises me ! Specially when I went for breakfast and they had vada pau & handva something you don't get to eat in Bangalore.  When I went today I loved the dragon rolls and daal pakwan, authentic Sindhi dish, and it was delightful ! I miss home alot and finding these dishes to eat here is amazing. They have a black bread butter as well !  I always prefer to go here on Sundays as its not too crowded and I can enjoy my meal with some old music ! You should try it as"
"One of my favourite places to eat ever! Love the brunch, love the drinks, love the occasional prawn samosas. Monkey bar never fails me. Sunny sangria joy."
"It was Friday night, so the place was full, luckily we got a table.They have an amazing atmosphere, but the music was loud and jarring.
Service is good, friendly staff and food presentation is very neat however; it is quite costly and will burn a hole in your pocket.They mostly serve Kingfisher beer & other alcohol is of acceptable quality.

But the Burgers are really bad.!!!!"
"Monkey Bar used to be at Richmond Road. Now they have opened a new one in Indiranagar which is bigger and better. The places have nice crowd, good music, lovely food and drinks, and nice interiors. I have been here many times and this place never disappoint me. Must go!"
"Definitely a fun place to hang out. It's crowded on the weekends - so don't expect to find a place to sit. We usually hang out at the bar so that we've got a spot to keep our plates, and we can yell out our orders quicker! :) It's got a great vibe - the décor is interesting, the music is great, the food is really good (we usually get anything on the starters menu and fill up on that) and the drinks are delish!! :) My favourite is the Wild Leaf - it's a smooth cocktail with the right level of pick-me-up that's really welcome after a long week. For a generous dose of energy to bust the week's stress, Monkey Bar certainly hits the right notes."
This is a nice place and I go there very frequently. I love the music and food. The ambiance is soothing and staff is very friendly. My favorites are veg burger and nachos(yummy!). Don't forget to try COPPER MONKEY!! Overall I would say you can go  to this place again and again. The only bad thing is its always packed and its very difficult to find a table but trust me its worth it.
"Super all around! Each time! Ordered keema bao, chicken butterfly and a few other dishes. Each superbly done! Drinks are awesome. Service staff friendly and the ambience pub/ cafe style."
"I planned to visit Plan B,  for its rock music,  guess what,  had to change because of the long wait and I landed here as Plan B 😉. This place is really awesome,  you can actually dance like a monkey,  on the table he he (Yes they do allow that) . 

Cocktails & it's presentation is mind blowin....food is jhakaas......Music is Terrific !!! 

Must Visit Place - 2 Thumbs Up !!"
"Went to monkey bar on a Friday afternoon for a leisurely lunch..  the place has a cosy ambience with good music playing in the background. We ordered barbecue chicken nachos, butterfly chicken.. the nachos were nothing great but we loved the butterfly chicken.. main course was burgers all around,  mobars and gastro burgers. The burgers were massive and delicious.  All in all a great lunch"
"Apart from a foosball table with some good crowd to play with I didn't like the place a lot. The place sucks when it comes to hospitality extended by its owner and the bouncers. 
I keep visiting this place to enjoy foosball game. Everytime the way they interact with people at closing time is far from any degree of decency and politeness. If they can improve that the place can be referred as decent."
"I have lost the count of how many time I have been here. It's just superbly convenient location and you would enjoy the drinks and food every time whatever be the time.
I really like the seven kingdom and wild leaf in drinks but the Goan chorizo PAv is a lb absolutely simple and brilliant dish. Can be had as an appetizer or main dish. 
Used to love the bang bang prawn but last time around they bang seems to be missing totally. I have tried some veg stuff and I must say it's quite sad. Stay away from nachos, they are quite blah."
"A nice decent place. Awesome music. There is a pool table and a foosball table as well.

Seating capacity could have been more. If you want a place to sit be sure to arrive early (8:30ish)"
"Monkey Bar is a really nice place to unwind with a mug of beer,good company and some delicious tid bits. Try the jerk chicken and the chicken nachos.. The Keema Bao was decent too, but I'd stick to the fatty bao for that. Their baos are way better. What I did like about it though was the interesting take on the bao with the spicy, peppery keema stuffing. ♡"
"It's a great place to chill with friends and enjoy your evening. The ambience is very cozy and great. If you're going on weekends then you might want to go early and serve a table. Coming to drinks. Mangaaaa!! A must try signature drink. Love the raw mango pieces in the drink and the presenting it in a mason jar. Their menu is good and they have a wide range of starters and main course to choose from. The quick gun-murghan is awesome. Sweet, tangy and spicy. Their nachos are also good. The burgers were just average, and jerk pulled chicken was not bad. Overall a good place. The service is a little slow when it's a weekend but that's understandable."
"awesome place, naice people & kickass food; Monkey Bar! Slurp & Smack
*special shout out to Ashok @ Monkey Bar; you and your team rocks! 🍻😊"
"Youthful ambience for everyone who wants to enjoy their weekend. Drinks are nice. Service is good, little crowded on weekends. Recommended arriving early on time to avoid long waiting queue."
"I struggled a bit with the parking here. It was not that crowded and we chose not to climb the stairs and sat on a large table. 

This place has interesting things framed and hung on the walls. Reservoir dogs, burgers, camping...  I just kept staring at them for a while. 

We ordered the popular seven kingdoms and another lemonade along with nachos. Nachos were good and quite filling.  We asked the host to help us choose from the main course.  

The main course was good in quality and less in quantity. We asked the host a few questions about the dish and he answered by getting information from the chef. Well, I like that. 

It was a good meal and gave us dopamine :D
The restrooms are clean and they had a lamp with lemon grass flavour. This pleasantly surprised me. 

Recommend to a friend : 8/10
Taste buds : 8/10
Value for money : 7/10
Ambience : 8/10
Service : 9/10"
"The painstaking attention to detail in presenting a dish so that its a treat for the eye is what really stood out at this place. The food was out of the world. The interestingly named 'Quick Gun Murgh-hen' was one of the best chicken starters I've ever had. An innovative tangy-spicy preparation served with a tangy-sweet dip. That's like 3 of the world's best tastes in one dish. This was followed by a Kheema Bao. Dumplings filled with spicy minced meat and served with some mutton broth. Once you dip the dumpling into the broth and take a bite, you fervently praise the chef for the next few minutes. What stole the show was the Coorgi Pandi served with Pita Bread. The gravy was intense and remarkable and kinda-sorta made up for the fact that there were far too many pieces of lard than meat than one prefers. The fire in my mouth and belly were doused by an excellent lemon ice tea. All in all, an excellent joint - pricey but arguably worth it."
It is one of the go to destinations in blr. They have great cocktails and a great menu. I had Dabeli here after like ages. It is something you get mostly only in Maharashtra. They have a game space at the back where you can play pool and snooker like in Delhi. By later in the night people start to dance near the tables and pretty groovy.
I expected it to be as good as Monkey Bar Delhi... But staff takes you for granted. We visited on a less crowded day and yet was standing 30 mins to get a seat as the staff was busy chatting and we were left standing though many seats still very empty. we left disappointed and I personally wont be visitng back or recommend anyone to visit either..
"We came here for breakfast after sweating and brusing ourselves in marathon .we all were craving for good breakfast and monkey bar was a good choice.
Knowing that its a pub but still it had lot to offer in its breakfast menu.
We ordered eggs in blanket,keema bao,pork bbq buns,bacons,waffles, red velvet, coffee and spinach signature drink.
Everything was super in taste and keema bao being my favorite among all."
"My First visit to this place was with a large group. And we ordered almost everything on the menu. :-p   The place was overcrowded with people enjoying the food, the beer, the conversations, a place that make your evenings very  interesting  and chirpy is what it seemed to me. I loved the Butterfly chicken and we ordered it a handful number of times. The nachos seemed decent too, mushroom satay was good with the beer. The Burgers were amazing. 
Because this place was like so full of people, the service did give us a few jitters but still the food was good to compensate for it. 

My ratings would be
Food: 5/5 ( Well deserved)
Ambience (4/5)
Drinks (4/5)
Service(3/5)

 Would Undoubtedly visit again :-)"
"Ambience was awesome.. Draught Beer is not up to da mark.. Hot wings was too sour.. Fish was awesome, nachos da best.. 
Wud surely go again for the crowd,  but hope beer gets better"
Yooooo!! Sunday brunch .. And pool this is the awesome time.. With friends and family.. Not dates ... Well this is a great place to hangout in indiranagar .. Esp when u having a Saturday hangover ;)
"Monkey Bar!!! Situated very close by where I put up. But had no chance to go until today. Great place for food. It's amazing! Had a great time with Alice Modi and santosh. If your hungry and craving for some good food, this is the place. Could find all kinds of people there. Staff were too busy with other people that they couldn't attend us properly, may be. :/ 
I would give following rating for the over all experience.
Food: 5/5
Drinks: 4/5
Ambience: 4/5
Staff: 3/5
Worth: 4/5"
"Ambience is very good. Loved the small little elements. Looked very nice.  Food is decent. Veg Nachos were very good! :) Veg Burger was okay, not really good."
"Went here on Halloweens! The place was well done for the occasion with lots of props and my fav was the red glowing horns! The finger food is good. Must try the stuffed potato and nachos! Goes well with beer. You can also get a good dosage of foosball and pool.
Food -4
Ambience -3.5
Service -3.5
Music -3.5"
"The place lives upto the standard it has set. 
Good cool place to try different cocktails and food. 
A must try is the Cooper monkey cocktail and the butterfly chicken. 
The place is expensive but it's always worth going to monkey bar for a couple of drinks and some tasty food.
The atmosphere during a Saturday night is amazing. The place is buzzing with people and some excellent music. It's difficult to get food and drinks but it's still worth visiting."
"Loads of energy over the weekend and a great place to go to have fun. Good food, great company and good music makes sure you have a great time there. Great staff and the valet parking provision is superb"
"Monkeeeeyyyy!!!
Amazing memories in this place.
The menu is just brilliant! There are so many varieties of cocktails here that you will be spoilt for choices.
Seven kingdoms - the mother of all Long Island Ice Tea, is enough to give you a buzz which will last for hours. And then you have Manga, Monkey Mule, Sexy Cosmo, Copper Monkey... I've had every one of the MoBar specials and trust me.. They are amazing!!
And then there is one show stealer for me - BiPolar!! A sexy combination of Kamakazi, Jager Bomb and Red Bull!! 
To add to all these awesome drinks, the ambiance is extremely good with good music and some entertainment (There is a Pool table for those who like the game).
To sum it up, MoBar is the perfect stop for people who appreciate a good sense of CH3OH.. Lol!"
"A funky cafe cum bar to laze around on a weekend. The food is great, service prompt and the staff courteous. Loved the ambience and seating. I had the Cuban Sandwich after having watched ""Chef"" the night before :) Dessert was a Sticky Toffee Pudding which was quite delicious. Highly recommended!"
"I wanted to be there for Sunday breakfast as one of my favourite artist was going to be doing a small gig. Called the Reastaurant 2 days prior to check about the details. Server was not very friendly and had no clue about the performance. 

Wrote on Facebook par about the experience and to my surprise I received a quick reply and the issue flew away like it never happened. 

Service was really courteous and the over all experience of having breakfast was wonderful. I had heard about this place a lot from my friends and it is worth! 

Ordered eggs Benedict which lived up to expectations, French press coffee, juices and the whole meal was tasty and satisfying. 

Recommended place!"
Amazing place for a night out with friends. Food is highly priced. Butterfly chicken is a must try!! Ambience is quite a charm! It gets heavily crowded during the weekends!!
"The presentation and the decor is kickass. The food is also good. The prices are decent as well. All in all a good place to visit. the only negative being the location since this is slightly off the main road.
Chocolate chip cookie sundae is a MUST TRY. Nachos can be avoided...they are like cornitos topped with tomatoes. The place will be crowded on weekends and friday evenings so plan accordingly."
"Monkey bar in bangalore is as overpriced as in delhi.. the place is small and gets cramped up over the weekends.. service is slow.. coming to the good part, the cocktails were good (as told by the people I went with) and the food was pretty decent.."
"Monkey Bar sounds cool, right? Well, it is ! The place has a good ambience. Not too loud for conversations ( Thank god!). It has really good combos. The burgers are good. Black bun !!! Music is good. I would suggest this place for a decent Friday evening :)"
Overpriced. Menu is limited. Very few items to choose from. Cocktails are good but pricey again. burgers are bad. Went on a weekday.  Ambience was good. Not really happy with the place. The only dish we liked was butterfly chicken.
"monkey bars significance is their complimentary drink and my all time bestie maanga.. It's is a must try for all kacha mango lovers with vodka.. Don hesitate to ask them for a slice of lemon if the drink gets slightly bitter.. Not getting into music n ambience as it's pretty decent n the DJ really does a good job..  I love the spread of pork dishes on there menu.. This is one of the few bars in Blore with a variety of pork platter.. Coorg pork, pickled beef, quick gun murugan and the cheese chicken burger are few of my favourites.. The cocktails are really interesting too.. A great place to spend a meaningful happy evening with a lot of booze and yummy food to relish on😊."
"I was here on my birthday eve, after hearing so much about it  and I was totally disappointed :( The ambience was lovely and upbeat, the staff was courteous enough but the food was horrible. 
We ordered quite a few dishes, mushroom pan rolls, chicken nuggets, chicken momos, thai pan rice with vegetables, chicken main course. Nothing seemed even close to being okay, everything was bland. 
Overall the experience was not at all good, plus I landed up paying an amount which was way higher than what was expected."
"We went to Monkey Bar with a bunch of colleagues on Friday. The drinks were awesome and the crab cakes were to die for! Nachos were also ok,..lovely music and great ambiance."
"I visited Monkey Bar saturday night. It was a disappointing experience. The only reason I managed to rate it a 2.5 was thanks to the staff, the ambience and the DJ. If I had to rate on food and beverage it would be a 0. The menu has no option for vegetarians! The nachos were real bad. It tasted like bingo chips with an overdose of tomatoes! I ordered some kung fu rolls (basically veg spring rolls) nd they were tasteless n oily. It is high time they revisit their menu and deploy some food tasters!"
"A real pub like feeling with the antique interior design is the highlight of this bar. Loud music, noisy atmosphere and chilled beer makes the ambience is a near perfect one.
Try the butterfly chicken from the starters and a lamb burger if you are a real non veg. You wont get disappointed here till the bill comes; yeah this one is little expensive."
"Heard a lot about this place and I must say that it lives up to its reputation. An absolute delight! Well lit, appreciably loud and prompt service. The food is very good as well. Extremely friendly staff too."
"Great music, quite an original drinks menu and good food.
We ordered chicken nuggets that were served in a nice paper cone with tasty dips. 
The servers are really helpful. The DJ was awesome!
A good overall Friday night experience! A go-to place if you are looking for something in Indiranagar."
"It took us a while to find out the place , but it was a pretty good place to eat especially after a long day without breakfast & lunch. We were two and really hungry. The order was as follows :
Tiger beef - pls try this...highly recommended by me.

Devils Fries - it's was very different from the normal fries again a recommendation.

Berry pulao - wasn't that great - not recommended and it's 400rs just for that dish.

Cuban Sandwich - satisfied :)
Virgin mangaa was really colorful and worth a try.

The dessert is what I came for ""Mobar Sundae Sandwich"" it came highly recommended by a few. But wasn't so great and it was not what the others have tried , may be the dessert chef retired.

The Ambiance is really cool , there's a place for playing pool & Foosball. That's on the top deck. Highly recommended. Very pricey. Total bill came up to 2k."
"*Just go bananas!*

Not exactly at the heart of Indiranagar, MB lies in a good locality. Easily approachable by car. The good thing is, it shifts focus from 100ft road and gives some spotlight to Off and 80 Ft. road too.

The ambiance is good and makes yu feel like you are in some medieval Enlish pub. They have two floors. The staircases can be a bit tipsy after you are drunk. They have a  pool table, which is always occupied. The good thing is that they let everyone in on the weekend, even the stags. The downside is, that this place is too crowded. This delays ordering food and drinks.

You have to persistently request for drinks at the counter. We did not eat anything as we were Pub Hopping, but we saw it going to the tables. Looked good.
Since this is one of the most happening places in Indiranagar, I would highly recommend this bar. Go monkey Go!
***"
Great place for a weekend .. Super Music .. Great cocktails and is not too heavy on the wallet. The manager was kind enough to arrange a table even on a super busy night. One should try reaching the place and grab a table / spot before the crowd starts pouring. Decent finger food to go with the drinks . Must visit for a memorable night.
I went to this place Thursday night and this placed called me again on Friday night what else I can say. Amazing food and great drinks. The best part is you can dance like crazy crown is happening and the DJ always have something for you.
A cozy boutique setup. Take a seater upstairs and order a plate of butterfly chicken. Yummy in your tummy. Goes exceptionally well for an evening of light gossip and some beer.
"Loved the place!! Just loved everything. 
One of the best DJs in any pub in bangalore. Group of 5. No seating. 3 hours. But still loved it.  There was nothing dull experience. Cocktails were good. Tried Manga and liit. Both brilliant. Served in a quirky jar. 
Play pool and foosball along with sipping a beer. What else u want. Ordered nachos and paneer kebabs. Nicely cooked. Proper preparation. Good taste. 
The only thing I didn't enjoy was it was way too crowded. 
But the place and the music had its own energy U don't even have place to stand and everyone is just dancing everywhere. 
Will definitely visit this place for music and drinks. 
Food 5/5
Ambience 4/5
Music 5/5
Drinks 4.5/5"
"Great cocktails, good food. Very good ambiance and crowd. Overpriced. I had the monkey bar special Copper monkey  cocktail for 400 bucks. It was not even 5 sips in total. Total waste, as it didn't give any buzz either, at least it was tasty. Food was just OK, again overpriced. Only redeeming quality is the ambiance and the music is good."
"Monkey bar @ Indiranagar definitely lives up to it's name of being one of the great pubs in town. It's got a great variety of cocktails and the pork dishes here such as the Mobar Bork and Mobar Ribs are absolutely fantastic. The ambiance is funky and you have the option to play Foosball or Pool while you wait for your food. The crowd here is also great on a weekend night and there is never a dull moment! 
But there are a couple of reasons why I have given a relatively lower rating to Monkey Bar. One is that not everything on the menu is great but everything is extremely expensive especially the breakfast items. Two the quantities of the dishes will again make you question if you are getting your money's worth. Do not be surprised if you end up shelling around Rs 600 for a regular breakfast with a juice."
"We friends went at 7:30 pm and ordered for mock-tails. Mock-tail is full of ice less of juice. The service is pathetic. It was stinking and no cleanliness. 
We ordered a vegetable soup and it is horrible. We just taste it. Put some vegetables in hot bowl of water and serve it!!
We asked for the starter and service person mentioned that he will get potato with some nice sauce and spices. When it arrived, it was in cold and red colored with no spice on it. 
Without taking any more chance, we left by paying bill"
"Great cocktails! 🍸🍸🍸☺️
Gotta love their witty coasters !
A lil crowded over weekends, but still a great place to grab a quick drink if you're #PubHopping"
"Please don't go there on Saturdays, you will not get a seat to sit. Manager has its own criteria to provide seating to the people. Only thing I found good there was the music."
Good place for a party... Offers are great... Recommended for freshers... Awesome food and ambience... Definitely a place to go for first timers in Bangalore
"I LOVE MONKEY BAR. LIKE I LOVE EVERY SINGLE THING ABOUT THIS PLACE. 

Kk i will try my best to calm myself down a bit. But thats one thing i can never do. But seriously this place is PURRFECT !!! Insert heart eye emoji here. Great food (either meal or drunchies) and great staffs. Sorry if you find this review not so helpful. You know when you are in love, you cant just explain what exactly you love about that person. You just love the person the way she/he is. Thats how I feel about monkey bar. 
It gets super crowded on weekend nights. Yes thats bc this is where you should be. There arent that many photos even tho I go here three times a week bc 99% of the time im white-girl-wasted. Oops 🙊"
"Love the foosball! :D
Great ambience, finger lickin good food.
Fun place for a perfect hangout. Might fall a little heavy for your pocket, but hey everybody has their cheat days :P"
One of my favourite bars. The ambience and the vibe are great. The cocktails are above par and the food is brilliant. Wonderful friendly staff too!
Monkey bar... The best place to chill with friends and have some beer and yum snacks...  They've got a great variety and all the food present in the menu is actually tasty.  Totally love it..
"How did it take almost one year to write a review about this wonderful place!!? This is a such a lovely place to eat, drink and play pool. Though this place is on the expensive side it worth the food, ambience and the service . You must go there at least once. 
Go for TIGER BEEF, you'll love it."
"Try the tiger beef here! Just amazing. The games area just adds to the fun. Perfect place to chill with friends on a weekend afternoon. Beer, good food and friendly staff. You don't have much to complain about."
Very popular hangout with good music and drinks howver food choices slightly on the lesser side . Very crowded during the weekends . Great ambience though
"The starters (butterfly chicken and devilled fish) were good - a bit oily, though..
The drinks were superb. All this with great music, and lovely ambience makes the Monkey Bar THE place to be on a Friday or Saturday night. But be sure to get there early enough so that you don't have to wait long to get a table."
"My current favourite hang out place in indiranagar. Jam packed on the weekends with good music and their infamous maanga(signature drink). The problem with most pubs is that they work too much on the ambience or drinks. They tend to not pay attention to the food that they offer. Monkey bar has no such problem! From their starters to main course, everything on the menu is worth trying and this is probably one of the reasons why people keep going back their weekend after weekend. Great music(on most nights), good drinks and food with a lively crowd! 
They also screen matches."
"I've always been a fan of the ambience and overall look and feel of Monkey Bar so I had to visit the Indiranagar Nagar outlet as well. This new outlet is considerably larger and got a very relaxed, pub like decor which I like. The game area/smoking area is also more spacious and well lit. My friends and I had a great time here when we went and ended up spending most part of the afternoon here. It's a good place to chill, any time of the day."
Most important suggestion I can give is.. NEVER go to Monkey Bar on a friday or saturday post 10 30pm.. not that the places isnt good.. because the place is STUFFED like aloo in a samosa.. lol.. I found it really hard to breathe in there.. otherwise the place is good..
Went for lunch with my girlfriends and although it was a fun afternoon  the food was a huge disappointment.  Except the desserts and certain starters...We didn't enjoy eating the other stuff we ordered. It was reasonably priced and a lively ambience but the service was dull. Maybe they had Monday blues!
Amazing place to hangout.....electric ambience ....awesome crowd...superb music...great food......the only problem is a bit expensive but who cares when u are in a good mood .....this place offers u everything a group outing demands of ...
"This place should be your getaway if you want good food, good music to listen to, decently priced beer and great ambience.

Had the most amazing beef burger (cheeseburger) with bacon and enjoyed bits and pieces of their chicken burger as well.

Unfortunately, you'll not find a great variety here if you aren't a beef lover.

Try a drop (or maybe even lesser amount) of the mega death sauce only if you literally want your tongue to burn and if you have something around you to calm your taste buds after."
"Hi Guys... I believed LIT is the best drink you can have. But Monkey bar has created one of the wonders and a drink certainly much better than LIT known as 7 wonders.
So lets begin. Amazing place and crowd. This is one of the few pubs you will find stashed with people all the time. They have a well thought menu spreading acorss good options in both veg Nd non vegetarian. The starters specially have been well thought. Their butterfly veg and non veg starters, nachos are very decent. 
The place is known for people entering in a fine dine mood and all dancing after a few drinks on the amazing music the dj plays. A luttle loud,so if you are planning for a date or team outing... This is not a place for you. But yeah fun os somwthing hmguranteed there...
The only reason I have rated this place as 4.5 and not 5, it is a little heavy on the pocket. But yeH certaonly worthed..."
"Had heard a lot about thins place for quite a few weeks so went there with a couple of friend on a lazy Saturday evening and it wasn't disappointing ! Unlike the heavily crowded ones this was a lill more mellow where you can actually have a fun conversation without having to shout at the top of your voice! A must try is their burgers ! And they have this small smoking area, just a warning try not to get electrocuted !! :P"
"Awesome place to spend a Saturday evening, but make sure to get there early so you can snag a table! Good music, great interiors, and friendly bartenders. Would like to return one day to try some of the food as well."
Loved every bit of this place.  Had been planning to visit this place for long.  Finally went to this place on Saturday evening and as usual it was too crowded.  But the good thing was the crowd as superb just like the music.  The DJ played some old no.s but it was amazing.  Tried the so famous Butterfly chicken but found it to be average. Overall experience was good. One must visit this place on a weekend.
"Awesome place with awesome crowd ! Young , energetic and generally be ur self kinda of a place . Call for some chilled beers order in a round of cocktails and add a lot of love and laughter between a gang of friends !

What rally surprised me that bang in middle of a busy Friday night party the team managed to serve us some awesome food .

The boiled noodles and veggie in soup was to die for . The sea food Thai curry was the perfect blend of taste , texture and temperature . Often with time comes complacency but these guys have held it together !

Way to
Go and am going back soon"
"Electric atmosphere - Western Pub decor - Amazing Cocktails and shots - Fast Service - Courteous, Cooperative and Hospitable Staff - Yummilicious Food - Must Visit!!!

With the DJ playing some amazing tracks, the vibe at this place is so electric, that you tend to immerse yourself in it. Everything on the food menu is delicious and mouth watering and the turnaround-time is quick as well.

Must try the starters - Dabeli (tamarind sauce draped in mash potatoes in a bun) and Tikki of Joy (Betki fish with mustard and mint sauce) - mouth watering with the right blend of spices!

Must try drinks - Mangaa (aam panna vodka); Twisted Lemonade (blue curacao, lime, mint, vodka); Absolut Angoori (amazing one!) and Absolut Melon Coolie.

The place gets extremely busy on Fridays and Saturdays and you may have to get in early to grab a table, else find a corner by the bar!"
"Didn't know Monkey Bar existed in Indiranagar. As they claim Kickass burger, it just lives by its hype. Décor is rusty and they have Snooker and Foosball space. Overall decent it didn't disappoint nor did excite us. If you are looking for few drinks after work or gathering this place is for you."
"Great place.  Laid back, charming ambience.  Friendly staff.  Tried their vada paav which was made to perfectIon.  Special mentIon for the perfectly stir fried green chili.  Tingled the taste buds... And Sam, who I went with ordered a burger, a veg one which was too much for her and so she shared it with me ... Was v good 👍 good draught beer too.  Will surely go back."
The place is real cool. I went on a sat evening. It was overpacked. Had to wait for a long time to get in. But the wait paid off. The place is very decent in terms of food and drinks. We got so sloshed that we cant even remember what we ate
"Nice place to spend time, crowd is good..yeah even on weekdays. You can even catch foosball or pool table :)
Veg kebab and fries are good for the starters.drinks were good.
Cons:no happy hour's :)"
A happening place with great interiors and just the right tempo if you want to hang out with your friends. The food was pretty good too. Tried Jerk Style chicken which was served with butter rice. The chicken breast was well cooked and served in barbecue sauce. It was very delicious but the Pork Chops were even better. They were served with vegetables and were covered in barbecue sauce. It was just the perfect outing with friends.
"Depending on the day you go, this place is either filled to the brim or laid-back and quiet. On a Saturday night, the dance floor reached nearly to the entrance, so it was a bit of a challenge getting to the bar. But the vibe was fun and the crowd seemed cool. Drinks were good and didn't seem overpriced in the general scheme of Indiranagar pricing. Since we came later in the night, it was a bit jarring when the full house lights came on at 1am and the staff began making the rounds to get patrons out. Bangalore curfew! Sunday afternoon is a whole different story. Both upstairs and downstairs were very chill, with good '80s/'90s music playing at the right volume (= you're not screaming to be heard). This time I got a mocktail which was so good I nearly forgot it didn't have alcohol. Order the cherry tomato and chili mojito! Butterfly chicken was also artfully presented and as delicious as it looked. The big bonus of Monkey Bar is the pool table upstairs."
"I've been here a lot of times and it's a favorite amongst my friends. It has great music and amazing ambience. The whole feel of the place gives you a very good vibe. My personal favorite dish there is Nachos, it is loaded with mayonnaise, tomatoes and onions on Doritos. The cocktails are really good too. Manga is a must try!"
"Good fusion of Indian and Asian street food. Mobsters Bork, pork belly sliders over Shaami sliders, sorootel jam pot, galouti killer, tempura cLamari washed down with seven kingdoms - the mother of LITs. Next time Regus bill specials"
Actually I wanted to rate zero but unfortunately 1 is the lowest I can give. What se do I say about a place which turns you away even before you have stepped out of the car. Why? Because you are with a kid. Sorry I didn't get to taste your kickass burgers coz but I did get a taste of your rude staff. Big big boooo.
"Like the monkey bar in richmond road than the indiranagar one. Nice place to catch up with friends. No options in veg main course, starters are good. I wanted to have monkey bar ice cream but they said they dont have it. Expensive but nice place to visit with friends and hangout."
"Gooood food and boy the guys at the bar know their cocktails... Overall fun place though the music cudve been better...just saying...one of the places tht u hv to go to if u r in Bangalore...
#BandarJaantaHaiAdrakKaSwad"
"Getting a reservation is a good idea. The ambience is warm n beautiful with good lighting and dj music .... The quotes on the souvenirs n the table mats are neat too. We had sandwiches, some marinated chicken starters n grilled sausages (which, if u ask me Wer the best ever!!!)... Th mocktails in personalised jam jars Wer lovely to look at n tasted fresh too. The drinks Wer served quite fast with not much delay. 
The waiters were sweet n welcoming too..
Butterfly chicken, beef burger , chicken hot dogs Wer some of the other stuff we liked . 
The cashing n billing Were quite fast too. 
We didnt have space for desserts for both our visits ... So maybe next time !! Definitely will go back in there ."
"I loved it the last time I was here for lunch but on this occasion I realised this isn't a night place. It was jam packed and we couldn't get a table. The starters we ordered were pretty average but we absolutely loved the cocktail 'maanga'. Doesn't go easy on your pocket, specially if you're in a large group and people tend to drink more. I'd recommend this place for lunch :)"
Need a place to unwind after a tiresome week? Monkey Bar is that place :) Great music. Lovely food. Very lively crowd and the food is mouth watering. You will also learn to master the art of having normal conversations in 'shout voice' as the music is really loud but its worth the effort. Have come here multiple times and have always had a nice time :)
Check in early on weekends as this would get fully packed in the late evenings. Their starters and burgers  are must try. There is a pool table and fooze ball as well in the smoking area.
"Went there for Sunday dinner. The place is very trendy, fun and funky. loved it.
There was music playing whole time.
Coming to food and drinks, and their service: I would like to rate overall 4/5.
Service was not much good, they were late in servicing the orders, but they were very kind and generous. they were continuosly asking for the feedback.
Now drinks: we ordered Funky monkey ( a must try and a big thumbs up)
and a draught beer.
Food: we ordered Spiked Nachos (delicious, but compared to Toit, i love the Toit's Nachos more), a veggie burger, Pandi Curry and Pita (spicy yet delicious) and lastly Flourless Chocolate XS Cake (That was something extraordinary, loved every piece that went inside ,my mouth, must try )
So, 4/5"
"Since I've heard a lot about the Monkey Bar Breakfast, I made my way there. I've never seen Monkey Bar in the morning! Lol either way, I'll get to the point. My breakfast experience was great. We ordered for a breakfast slider and a Cuban sandwich. Some tender coconut and the Nutella Banana Pot. My friend and I had a slight disagreement between pancakes and waffles but we finally decided on the toffee and cinnamon pancakes. Everything was delicious. Absolutely delicious. 

Towards the end our meal, we were pleasantly surprised to find the red velvet and cream cheese waffles  on our table. The very very lovely management was worried our disagreement would turn into a fight. So thanks to them, we had some complimentary waffles. And we got to try both the pancakes and the waffles. I left Monkey Bar with a warm fuzzy feeling of happiness inside. :P

I loved my breakfast, truly."
"I love monkey bar.. Most happening in the evenings.. With the music n ambiance,, you just don't feel like leaving this place. Decent food , limited menu , but a must visit place.."
"A regular hangout for me and a bunch of friends. Can't seem to get away from this place. Good space as compared to the wood street outlet. Great for a bunch of friends over the weekend and a hop up to fatty boy in the same vicinity

Food 9/10
Ambience 9/10
Service 10/10"
"Think twice before going to this pub! My cellphone was stolen from my table this Saturday!!! Beware!

The staff was moderately cooperative but their CCTV footage is more or less useless!"
They have some of the quirkiest cocktails and some good burgers. Another one of those places where you needs to catch a table early.   A warm place to spend with a loud bunch of friends!!
Monkey bar is one of the favourite hang out place . Service really great they try to accommodate all kind of request and gives utter importance to customers . Love manga drink too ;)
Affordable place. Nice staff.. Very courteous. Typical pub fare.. The butterfly chicken was something that stood out for me. Good place to go with friends :)
"Nice ambience, good food & oodles of booze options defines this place. The Dj console with the Vespa hanging vertically is a little quirky. The staffs are friendly. A place to be with friends. Worth a visit!"
"Been to this page more than 30 times now. The name says it, the food and beverages settles in with the name of the place. The vertically mounted vespa by the DJ console is an eye catcher, the smoking zone with the  pool and Foosball tables are a blessing.
The burgers are yum, the crowd are fun, the bar men's mixers are simply trippy.
All in all a brilliant place to chill at, reservations were never an option. It's all monkey like.
Cheers"
"Good ambience, innovative cocktail and delicious food. Tried mangaa and butterfly chicken. Food quantity is less tho. Located in a quiet street in Indiranagar."
"Good place to hang out on a Friday or Saturday evening.
Must try their not so typical cocktails. We ordered 'Mangaa', a aampanna and vodka cocktail. Less options when it come to breezers. For snacking we had nachos, it was okies.
USP of this place is the energy and crowd. Nice ambience, funny quote posters, graffities and good loud music. Not much spacious and you'll not get table on a weekend. Still, bar chairs are good and enough space to groove. :)
My ratings:
Ambience- 4/5
Drinks/food- 3.7/5
Value for money- 3.5/5
Service- 3.5/5"
"I had been planning to visit Monkey Bar for quite sometime and this place didn't disappoint at all. Excellent service and a great ambiance plus the great food. And the prices are reasonable too.

We ordered BBQ Ribs and Butterfly chicken. They were simply delicious. Just go with friends, order a beer pitcher and enjoy the evening. One of the must-go places in Indira Nagar for sure."
"Nice place to be in.
The ambience is amazing.
Only thing that they need to work on is the number of boys taking orders.
Food is good and you even can have a frooge ball game other than pool."
A very interesting menu offering and ambience. A must visit to savor dishes you wouldn't normally find. The burgers are a must have along with any of their starters. The butterfly chicken wings Along with the crab pav is a good accompaniment to there well curated bar menu. We had the flourless chocolate cake which was the only disappointing dish of the evening.
"Caught up with a friend after a long time. Definitely not the place for talking :) due to its loud music. But the music was good, so no complains. We ordered the Veg Pirogies which seemed like potato and cheese in some coating. Totally unimpressive. The Thai Green curry was very good, quite different from other places and had a zing to it. Couldn't try more dishes as there were only two of us. Hope to try some new things next time.
-----------
Re-visited recently and was pleasantly surprised.. The music was just right, food was OK. We had the nachos (which was not great) and General Tso chicken (which was good)"
"We went here to have a nice get-together evening and we were not disappointed. Food verity is nice and the crew real friendly. The choice of drinks is good. I ordered the iris cup which was real nice. The ambience is up to the mark and a place worth going. 

Ambience: 0.8/1
Service: 0.8/1
Value for money: 0.7/1
Food: 1.6/2
Total: 4/5"
Terrible DJ. Poor service. Crowd is really cool so that makes up for the shitty music. Come here drunk so you will have fun. Ps- DJ doesn't take requests. He is stupid plays amateur hiphop music. This is specifically for a Saturday night.
Overhyped place with some serious attitude issues with staff.. Had a really bad experience both times I have been there...rude and unhelpful staff and over priced food. Will not go again.
"This place is quite shady and inappropriately lit up from outside.But interior is quite rugged and old school type. At the first look, it looks too clumsy and unorganized. But breathe through it and the place is quite lively and the crowd is good. Service is fast. Food is decent. Pricing is at par with other pubs/bars. Great place to catch up with friends over beer. 
Suggestion: Get another Foose ball table, n probably a bigger washroom bcoz people end up queuing for it all the time."
Over all a very lively place .. I love the service here and the staff is extremely courtiers . Good music with some amazing starters makes your weekend perfect .
"Really nice place to have a relaxed time wit friends .... De ambience is nice n u have option of playin pool too... It gets better wit dj playin good tracks at night...
Ordered pitcher wit starters lyk got wings which woz yummy .../ ordered prawns starter too but felt quantity woz too less but no complaints on taste n prompt service n hospitality....
Really enjoyed de music n time spent... Wosjt too pricey.. Around 1.2k for 2 is definetly reasonable ....😊

Ps: mobar caramalised ribs (pork) is must try ... Loved de soft meat n it was really tasty... Highly recommended .."
"Been there on a Saturday night. The place was completely packed. Hardly any space to even stand properly. But the crowd was a lot of fun. Crazy dancing, amazingly courteous waiters, moderately priced stuff, perfect place for a party!  Would like the visit it on a weekday when it is relatively calmer as well."
"Visited on a rainy Saturday afternoon. Ordered the usual pitcher of draught beer. For snacks ordered devil's frys. It was okie dokie. Then ordered a disk called 'Reddy's chicken'. This was awesome in my opinion. One interesting thing is the presence of 'Blair's Sudden death' sauce. This ones bit too much to handle for the weak hearted. I would like to know from where this was acquired? Their website 'extremefood.com' is a US based one, so there must be some local distributor from whom the management of Monkey Bar get it from. 

Another good thing is the pool table and fussball game table. All in all a great place to hang out with friends."
"The ambiance is chill. Interesting posters, cute flying pigs, scooters and rock and roll....its got all. Oh and good food too! 
I tried the lamb burger, which was huge! I could barely finish it! 
I also got a change to try some Caesar salad and Pandi Curry and Pita...OMG! The pork was delicious! It did remind of the home cooked pork I tried in Coorg! 
A fun place to chill with friends and enjoy some delicious food!"
"Ambience 4/5
From the official Woodstock poster, to the entire Justice League one, the walls are adorned with interesting artefacts that add to the charm of Monkey Bar. 

Food 5/5
Simply loved the Tiger Beef ordered here. Juicy chunks in flavourful sauce. 

Drinks 5/5
Copper Monkey, Monkey Sour, or comply the regular whiskey, drinks here are fabulous."
"We went here on a saturday night and the place was packed! And we waited and waited and couldn't get a table for the people refused to leave and we don't blame them! The decor is artistically done with catchy posters and lights, as you wait you can play foosball or billiards or just like everyone there dance to the peppy numbers played by them standing right where you are! Even though we couldn't taste the food that day the place had this boho- happy-entranced vibe to it where everyone seemed to be euphoric and dancing or shaking their head and their happiness was contagious slowly we started doing the same! And we did come to thie place again in the afternoon this time to try their food, we ordered their burgers and shakes (their tiramisu shake was reallyyy good!) And we had a good time!"
"Nice bar to hangout, cost wise too much, you can get better service in lesser in some other place. My suggestion if you planning to drink here order in pitcher?. Ambiance is really good."
"One of the Great bar in banglore .. Visited on Saturday night ..full of young crowd , great ambience superb cocktails delicious food with great presentation and outstanding service .!! Will be visiting again for more!! Thanks monkey bar... had good time !!"
"The food is good , the cocktails are good, the music is good. The best way to make the most out of it is to time your visit to this place. Ideally it'd be  a Friday/Saturday after 10.30 (given the fact you are high enough by that time, from elsewhere) , you are likely to get good music and a lot of dancing people everywhere."
Food is not good.almost every dish we ordered had an overpowering sour taste. Maybe we ordered the wrong dishes going by other reviews. They also served expired beer to Garg Ankit . Will not visit again.
"Went to this place with a close friend. Awesome ambience. Ordered the all time so called famous futterfly and butterfly. And yes, it was great. The futterfly was filled with potato and cheese. The butterfly was filed was some stuffed chicken. I liked the butterflies better. My friend ordered some lemon chicken steak. I tasted too however felt it wasn't that great. Would visit this pave just for a quick drink like any other hangout."
"Decent place!!!  It's lil lul when there are no parties.  You have snooker, hand football, etc where only college kids hangout.  Nice food and ambience.  (-.05) for pathetic late service!!! Try Monkey Bar at least once!!!"
It's a nice place to visit on a dull evening to liven it up. Food is tasty and the decor is absolutely catchy. Their burgers fetch them brownie points. It's crowded most of the times. Well that's a sign of being a fav among people.
Disappointed. Having heard so much about it....the expectations were high. It just disappointed me with a very casual decor...nothing great or different I found mentioning about.
The place gets so crowded during weekends... Go for a reservation before you reach... The place is overall good...great music....nice food.... service was also quick....although you can hardly talk to each other in the loud music... You can go for chilling... playing foosball...
"Nice happening place with a predominantly young crowrd going crazy and singing along to the dj's tunes..

The butterfly chicken is one of the best things to have here..

The interiors are done tastefully and the atmosphere is generally of the ""rocking"" type... If you like having a loud party without a care in the world, this is an absolute no-brainer place to be.."
"Reasonably priced, great interiors, cosy ambience and awesome food - there you have Monkey Bar summarized for you. We went in on a Sunday evening thinking there won't be many people around. But to our surprise it was almost packed at 6 when we entered. Perfect place to hangout with friends and talk about just anything in the world. For sea food lovers - Do try 'Crab Rangoon'. It just melts in your mouth."
"I loved The Monkey Bar few moments before I walked in. The guard at the entrance paid me the ultimate compliment -- he asked for my ID!!! it's a strict 18 and above place. The ambiance is great, it's the perfect place for a college reunion. Music was good but i was more focused on the game on the giant screen. We ordered the Quick Gun Murg-hen which was really great specially when coupled with drinks. There are some really interesting choices for drinks, I bet you'd love to try some. Beware of this deadly sauce placed at each table called SUDDEN DEATH, it is not a joke!!! 2 drops had my eyes watering for atleast 30 mins. Monkey Bar could use it as some kind of a food challenge coupled with the 7 Kingdom drink.

Overall great experience, good food, good crowd. the place is packed by 7 pm on a weekend so you might want to grab a table early or there's always the pool table and foosball till you wait for one, but wait there's most probably a game going on there as well!!"
"Like Delhi, this monkey bar also had less to offer on a happening Saturday evening. The whole place is build in a very small area and seating makes it less enjoyable. Too cramped and such loud music makes it difficult to enjoy your time with friends. We were seated upstairs. In food we hardly have too many choices: 
1. Nachos: tasted good with drinks, prepared well
2. Chilly Chicken : prepared well, good to taste
3. Veg patty & pao: decent quantity and tasted good
4. Pork ribs: nicely prepared
Ordered corona & some hard liquor in drinks.
Food was good and decently priced,only concern was space. They have an indoor pool table & hand football which was kind of a smoking zone too. No open space"
ROCKS!! This Place is awesome.. Starts out humble and gets U wild by the end of the night.. Good Crowd.. Good Music .. Good Alcohol (7 kingdoms rocks.. Pappa of long island trust me go easy on it).. Don't remember if I had any food food there ... Awesome ambience and Fantastic Music ..  Planning for a Friday or Saturday night at Indiranagar .. This is THE place to be (I am not a big fan of breweries) .. Best part is when the Whole place turns in to a Dance floor.. Good Fun.. Good times In Bangalore with Vaishnavi Iyer
Mediocre food and ambiance. They have pool tables if that is any solace.  I would suggest going to Fatty Bao ( that's in the same building) over this place.
"I had heard so much about the place that I couldn't stop myself from visiting it, the very first week I landed in Bangalore. There is something very pleasantly different about the place, the atmosphere is electrifying and the music is pumping. I particularly liked the seating arrangement on the first floor, which again, you have to be very lucky to get hold of. 

Try reserving the table before going, but nevertheless, you won't be disappointed even you have to spend the evening standing, because that is what you are evenutally going to do. The foot tapping music won't let you stay glued to the chairs anyways, for quite longer. 

The service, despite heavy rush of people (especially on weekends) is good and despite the name and fame of the place, it is not too heavy on pockets. A must visit place in Bengaluru.. :) :)"
Nice ambience. Nice food. Has a section where they've a pool and a Foosball table but that section is for the smokers as well. So it's quite suffocating in there for non smokers like me. Mangaa is the drink that steals the show. An absolutely must try cocktail!
"Monkey bar is such a cute place!
If you are looking forward to a night with some good drinks, this is the place to be! 
Food is OK! Nothing great! Initially they had very few options for vegetarians, I guess they have included more now! 
Things I ordered:
Cheese chilli dragons (OK, the dip served with it was a saviour) Futterfly (very bad), Nachos & Mee goreng (Good) 
Cocktails: 
Seven Kingdoms (mother of LIITs, made with seven different liqueurs), Wild Leaf, Classic LIIT, Jäger bombs (large), Aam panna 
The seven kingdoms was definitely the best out of all! 
Their desserts are good as well! Try them! 
Difficult to get a table on weekend and their bar is very small! So try to go around 8pm, if you want a table! Do go to this place though! Recommended."
"It was weekend, so the place was crowded. Very lively and warm place. Staff is welcoming. Innovative cocktails and excellent place. Must try."
"It was friday night, so the place was full, couldn't get table and we chose to sit at the bar. I liked the place very much. Great music, food was good, and prompt service. Happening place overall to go out and chill with friends."
"An amazing place to hangout with friends...great selection of music...nice decor perfect for getting high...
Service is excellent...waiters know their stuff and service is prompt...
Drinks are normally priced as one would expect at such a place...everything in the menu is usually available unlike many other restaurants...menu is also quite extensive 
Coming to food...its just awesum...menu is not very exhaustive...almost everything is renovation of common dishes available in any other restaurant but with an amazing twist...and the most recommended and amazing thing they have are their burgers...its a must have...u can select anyone with ur eyes closed amd it will b amazing...do visit this place for an amazing time.."
"I had heard a lot about this place and we went for a girls night out. The waiter mixed our drinks deliberately (virgin and cocktail). He came in between and  swapped them  (to have some fun apparently). Was too busy flirting/being too nice(can't really tell). Complete disappointment!!!  If you are the type of person who doesn't mind dancing anywhere (next to tables too), this is the place to be! Personally, I found it awkward that people are dancing right on your faces when you are eating."
"Go to this place for the atmosphere. One of the best places in Bangalore if you want to dance. Good music, good crowd. Freedom to dance wherever you want to.
Cocktails- 6/10 ( Richmond road makes better cocktails)
Starters-7/10
P.S. it's better to have at least one girl in your group so that entry is easier."
My favorite den in Bangalore now.. Love the Fridays.. Saturdays can get a bit too crowded.. Love the atmosphere and the dancing scene here.. The food is great.. Love the beef..
"They serve expired beer.  Do check before you start drinking! To be specific,  we went there for a birthday celebration. One of us was served an expired bottle of beer. Check before you drink that next Erdinger. 
                                                                gargankit.com"
I love the ambience !!! Food is awesome. Nachos is really tasty. I think the one in indiranagar is a bit congested. One more place to peace out with friends.
"Had heard quite a bit about the place from friends back home, doesn't disappoint, but doesn't really stand out either.  Fairly okay a place to drop by for a mid week beer. Chiller vibes. One might never move away from the smoking room."
"Went there with a friend on a saturday afternoon..Good ambience, good music...decently priced liquor, food is good however not a lot of variety..good place to got for a drinks once in a while..."
"This place made me fall in love with hamburgers! i'm someone who loves food but I can be very selective when it comes to settling for it and I ca't thank Monkey Bar enough for making me try their hamburgers. Rooster Booster is too die for. I plan to kiss chef Manu's hands if I ever see him.  Butterfly chicken is as yummy as weird it's name sounds. Good portion size for a single diner. 
Monkey Bar is this lively and warm place where you see happy faces all around. Their managers are the nicest I've come across in any cafe. The staff is courteous and know their job well. 
It's very nicely lit up, the in- house DJ plays nice sets, they have a screen to air football matches. 
What else can you ask for?
A snooker table and fussball. :D
They have it all!"
"Happiness is when your long term wish comes true! So was this place to me on a friday mid evening sooner after my hectic Interview near by Indiranagar. 

After  a really long plan and flops many a times visited this place with loads of hopes and came out with lot more. Place wrt ambiance is absolutely chilling,  music is just right to be there with a friend(s) to hangout with, crew is simply awesome, food is yummm, beer is perfectly chilled!

All together place is PERFECT to CHILL.. !!!!

Ambiance - 4/5
Food - 4.5/5
Beer -  4.5/5
Crowd - 4/5
DJ  - 3/5
Pocket Friendly - 4/5

Visit Again?? - YES !!!"
"Average food, cocktails and place - a super hit amongst youth and a very popular hangout. Crowd is very young. However all of us felt all the food and beverages especially cocktails were average"
"Went here for breakfast on Sunday and they were just so good.. Great variety on the menu, food was really tasty and the waiters were very friendly and courteous! Great experience ?"
"So it's one of the finest in Bangalore, with the right ambience, music and people - to hang out with your friends over some beer or more. Food is ordinary but overpriced; though some burgers and cocktails are good. It's two floored but you'll hardly find space in the evening. Adding on, with a foosball and pool table, you'll want to stay here for long. 
Ps: you'll find a Naturals Ice Cream store right in front of it! Lovely ?"
"This place reminds me of another Plan B sorta place!
It's great for a couple of drinks and the food is great! You have to definitely try this place for some kick-ass burgers! 
The ambience is quite lovely too!"
"I heard a lot of this place.....the place is certainly overpriced....a modernized version of   ""Plan B""....the ambience is average....good service and gets  overcrowded in no time. My advice....u don't wanna be made a monkey...u can see one live at a zoo."
Very sad state affairs at Monkey Bar - Indian males (non-couples) not allowed - but white males - ushered in. Racism against Indians in India - at this day and age!
"Decent setting, more so in the first floor. Songs are not the best but good enough to get the crowd off their seats. Food came out to be OK. Not many options for veggies it would seem. But lots to choose from in nonveg. Fried calamari and lamb sliders were top notch. They have got a big screen as well making it ideal for a visit on match days. Fun place in all."
"Nice chilled out place, great for brunches and dinner. Had vadapav which was gr8.  The food was great and cocktails too. The ambience was ok."
"Was surprised to see the space at first, was expecting something similar to Toit. But the drinks & food made it up for all.
Seven Kingdoms-4.5/5 (must try-pretty strong)
Maanga - 4/5
Wild leaf - 2.5/5
Toddy - 4/5
Cosmopolitan - 4/5
Reddy's chicken - 3.5/5
Devil fries - 4/5
Quick gun murugan hen -2/5
They also have billiards & foosball table."
"Okay before I start, Can I just say WOW! What a fun place to be ;) Monkey Bar proved to be one of the best places I have visited so far. Honestly I dunno where to start. This place is so inviting and exciting. The ambiance is amazing. They have a pool table in their smoking lounge. Its a pretty  cool place. Their Food menu is simple but the food is just lip-smacking delicious! We tried the Nachos and  the Mushroom Pan rolls. The roll was amazzzzzzing that we ordered two more plates. They bar menu is also great and the service is amazing. 

They play awesome music. We got to experience a great music performance. Monkey Bar is really addictive and it is one of those places I would go every week to just chill out and partayy!. 

WOW!!! You guys rock . No complaints"
"Cool ambience, grt food, cocktails are gud...had some tasty veg item. Nice music, gud services. Went thr wit frenz for fun. Will b back again"
"Very delicious food. Quantity is also good and so the music. Loved it. Burger is very tasty . Tried cheese cake for the desserts, loved it too."
Try the Seven Island Ice Tea for sure. Amazing Food. Really enjoyed the bacon sliders here. Great ambience and a nice place to hang out with friends.
"I'm a little surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet given the fact that it is one of my favourite places in the area.

I tried the Wood Street one earlier but somehow wasn't too impressed and hence, never got around to really trying the place when it first opened. But when I did, I was super impressed. 

The food here is outstanding! The Neegoreng, burgers, MobarBork and Wantons are just a few of the many noteworthy mentions.

Not just their alcoholic drinks, but even their non alcoholic drinks are good. Special mention to their Banana-Nutella shake.

The place has a Foosball and pool table. Service is friendly and the ambiance is nice.

The prices may seem on the higher side at first, especially when you add the taxes but both the quality and quantity match up to make it worth it."
The place looks rustic and casual ! The innovative cocktails - manga - the raw mango infused / flavoured one is a must try! Served in a jar :)) the mat try chicken burger is worth the money! Overall a nice experience!
"Went there some evenings back with  friend. Had a dabeli and a vada pav. Had a cocktail which is canned aam panna with vodka. Every thing was nice. The Pav actually did have the texture and taste of pav. The drink was refreshing and potent. 
People were nice, happy and friendly. What is there not to like. Will happily go back."
"My school friend took me out to this ""happening place "" last week . i had a wonderful time . Loved the baked potato skins and flutterfly . The rooster booster was so filling and awesome . Service is not that great but i loved the place ."
"First look and you would find the place clumsy and rugged. But on a closer look the ambience seems more interesting- the dj's perch atop and the two floored seating with attractive posters on the wall boosts the ambience factor.

Their cocktails are fabulous- among the best I have had. Food is decent. 

Is definitely a great place for chilling with friends. Would definitely revisit
                                                                bingingbanker.com"
"Great place to hang in. Great beer and awesome spread. Its quite like a normal tranz- pub of new generation. But big time misses the essence of the traditional pubing.
Was sad with the music, they dont play classic -rock or pops. So rock lovers dont go, But im not complaining though, loved the food.
NOTE- Please reduce the beer price. Normal pub lovers will avoid that price of a single pitcher.
BUT  it made me high enough to rate it 4."
Really dint like this place as it is too small n crowded...... There was no place even to stand out here ....it was like u have to hang like monkeys out here.....!!!! Bad experience n bad service.
"What an amazing place.  Very urban. Cool. Chic. Funky designed and perfect for a group of friends to hang out. They have a huge smoking zone with pool tables and foosball stuff. The crowd is superb and the staff extremely courteous and helpful. 
There were cocktails on offer price.  We tried the house specials Mangaa (vodka, aampanna lime mix) is the best of the lot. Served in a quirky jar with sliced mangoes.
Wild Leaf is again Vodka based with orange and passion fruit. Perfect taste blend.
Monkey Cake is more of cream and raspberry and again vodka based.
For starters, tikki of joy basically from Kolkata. Nice pieces of Bhetki cutlet with mustard.
Also, reddy chicken or something like that, which is a bowl of tangy spiced and a bit of sour chicken. 
Both were delicious and perfect sides for the cocktails.
Ambiance 4.5/5
Quantity 3.5/5
Quality 5/5 (yes tat good !!)
Cost 3.5/5
OVERALL 4.5/5"
The place is pretty ok. Not 'too' great for Indiranagar but it's fine. The drinks are nice. The food isn't Very impressing. The rest is all ok. I like the ambience.
"Food was good - Flutterfly. Superb ambiance, Amazing place to hangout with a ""group"" of friends. Theres a smoking zone and pool area. Sadly went there on a weekday and place was dull. Weekend might be the best time to be there. Coming to cost... it's on a higher side...a lot on the higher side. 
Food taste - 4.5
Drinks - 3
Ambiance - 5
Service - 4
Cost - 2.5"
"Monkey bar is one of the superb cool place to hangout and have a good time with friends, their cocktails are superb and ambience is good too, 
Tried their butterfly chicken it was good and tried their cocktails mangaa  and seven Kingdom and they are good too, 
Had a great time with friends. 
It's a nice place to hangout on weekends."
"Young, funk , thriving , elated nd loud this is how the  crowd the feel the ambience of monkey bar is. Excellent food , signature drinks (manga) but music can be better.  Not for folks  to sit , talk and introspect. No dance floor may be cause people here don't care for one . The slow , feeble , soothing night mongers may avoid."
"The place-to-be, especially during the world cup! They screen matches, the crowd is amazing and the service is really fast! Beautifully made cocktails and yummy food. Post 10pm, this place literally becomes like a monkey's bar with people ALL over the place, including table tops! It's a great place for a junglee alcoholic evening."
Monkey Bar continues to delight with amazing food and innovative cocktails. Manga has been a favourite for years but tasted a bit artificial this time. Expected the authentic Aam panna taste.
"I would not rate this place anything more than a 3..
We reached the place at about 8.30pm on a Saturday eve...the ambience is of an English pub/bar...the place starts getting crowded nd there aren't as many tables! Nothing great about the drinks...in food we ordered the go veg burger and nachos..the nachos were good but the quantity was small. The burgers were not to my taste at all...to my surprise I found a curry leaf in the  burger patty which gave it a very localized taste. The service was ok too..the guy showing the tables was lost nd all over the place.
I will definitely think twice before visiting this place again."
With the all new trick which usually these bars apply of saying no availability of draught beer this too remains untouched ...food is ok ambience is good and the best part is the patrons are superb !!
"My friends and I ended up going to Monkey Bar after some drinks at home. We were hungry and definitely wanted more drinks. We got them both and were pretty happy with their service and their food and drinks. They have a little room where they have a pool table and a foosball table.. so if it's not too crowded, this is a good way to pass one's time. Only thing I was disappointed with was the bill.. where we had to shell out more than 3k per person, and I don't think it was worth it!"
"A nightmare for vegetarians. Somebody needs to put up a sign that says so, before a vegetarian enters the restaurant. I went there on my birthday and we tried two vegetarian dishes (which is almost equal to the total number of vegetarian dishes on the menu) and both of them were inedible. The non vegetarian dish ordered by one of my friends though was great! What I did like about the restaurant is the funky décor and music. The bill folder is also creative with a chimp's face replacing Uma Thurman's face on the famous Kill Bill poster."
"yesterday I had a chance to have our late lunch at monkey bar. thanks to bangalore fine dine policy of closing lunch at 3 PM. we had some good meal in monkey bar and one item that took me with surprise was keema bao - that's an innovative dish and I recommend to try it. Rest of the menu is quite standard like burgers and other starter. Its eatable, so no complains.
Cheers"
Decor of the bar is good. You can enjoy your drinks with nice music in the evening with your friends. But the service is not that much good. So if you are looking to spend your evening with your friends and you don't want to spend much monkey bar is a good option.
Superb food and more over mouth watering dishes. Went here with couple of friends who came in from chennai!! They loved the place and the food too..
"Great place to hangout with friends.  Music is super.  Enjoy time with yum food and Mangaa-a must try drink.  Weekdays and weekends usually full,  just be sure to reach on time."
Food presented in different style... But good taste... Keema pav looked like a Chinese dumplings but was nice... loved potato skin it had nice stuffing with mustard sauce... Small place.....  Heard its packed during evenings and weekends.
"One of the great hangout places in Indranagar, monkey bar keeps up to its reputation. Its a good hangout place with friends. Food is not bad, drinks are good, music is good. The plus point being the presence of pool table. Great idea, its fun tat way. However, its crowded most of the time, so if one plans to be there, reserve the table prior visiting. But been crowded is part of its charm I guess because its more fun that way."
"Tap beer-5/5
Ambience including music, decor, decibel level-5/5
Service-5/5
Food...we had spiked nachos and devilled fish- disgusting!!!! The nachos were bhel and the fish was just soggy and bland- 0/5"
"Giving it a low rating as I think there a patrons over here who always creates ruckus and fights.

The general description of these patrons is they occupy pool table and in a small area filled with people when it would obviously interfere. Their attitude is get out of the way otherwise there will be consequences and we are the king of pool table and no one can play.

Somehow these people are big in number and they always fight with people outside who wait for their cabs after closing hours.

Reminds of what x treme sports had become during the decline of its glorious days.

In the absence of knowledge of whether these guys were hired by management, the hypothesis is the management either colludes with them or have 100% knowledge of these guys and are toothless to take any action.

Would say in the end congratulations for keeping goons in your place and all the best to you as one review would not make any difference"
"A good place for music freaks
The music here is really good and also the place
The beer is cheap and the nachos are the best ever 
Should go quite often"
"Went here to have a good time after a dull day. Was not disappointed. The place is good, though a bit over-hyped. For drinks, ordered a Seven Kingdom which is basically an oversized LIIT. Would recommend if you are not looking to get too drunk and would just prefer sipping something while you have grub. Coming to which, the hot chicken wings with sour cream and blue cheese dip were absolutely top notch and would see definitely recommend those. Also had Nachos which weren't bad either. Music was good. One could also play pool and fooseball in the standing bar area. So a decent place all in all, though a teensy bit overpriced(especially if you are intern :))."
"This is definitely one of the most happening places in Bangalore on a weekend. People dancing around, wonderful ambience, good music, delicious food and perfect cocktails. This sums up the evening in Monkey Bar. The staff is nice and helps you out with the menu selection as well.
Food: 4/5
Drinks: 4/5
Ambience: 4/5
Wonderful evening guaranteed:)"
"Writing this review at after party ... Oohh yeaahhhh.....

I went past this place lot of time but finally got a change to actually visit today..

Would advise to reach place before 9 o'clock or you wont get the place to sit..
DJ was amateur played some nice tracks but he was playing the full track.. Overall music is kool...! We ordered chicken wings french fries... Both were tasty... 
Drinks were Also nice...
Except few, overall crowd was good... 
This monkey bar has more space then the other one.. Well managed  valet parking.
Still fun is on....

STAY HIGH....!!"
"Amazing chicken wings highly recommended. Pirogies chicken, celery and jalapeño was not that great.. The cheese dip didn't go very well with the dish. The tempura calamari was good too. The cocktail gingerrogers was excellent."
"As a combination of location, food, straight up drinks and cocktails, and music - very few places get everything right every single time like Monkey Bar Indiranagar. If you haven't been here yet, you're crazy!"
"Good music clubbed with kickass burgers!
Like ever other pub this place too has a pool table and a plus point of a foosball table. The pitcher's are a tad expensive. So try ordering it without ice and order ice on the side. Makes up for it! 

Hospitality is good from the staff. Everything is brought and taken away by a smile. 
The food(veg) was very well cooked and presented. Burger are more than enough for 1 person. So order wisely! :) Cheers."
"The ambiance is same as the Richmond road, initially d music was ok, As time passed ,d music turned to b super..Nd d shots, got us high instantly.."
"Perfect blend of good music,food and drinks . Great place to catch up with longtime friends.Food portions are  less though.Service is commendable and quick.Legendary like pub ambiance. Overall nice place,Love the menu and the wings"
Wanna go crazy and not care?! Then this is the place for you to take it all out on a weekend..gets cramped but if your up for madness then it shouldn't bother you..good food..justified service
Music... Ambience... Cocktails... Food.. Amazing.. I love the cocktails here and food is yyuumm too. Service is good and friendly bar tenders..
"Have been a regular at monkey bar since it opened in Richmond Town. Great place to have a drink and love the indianized menu.

My recent visit to Indiranagar outlet was a bit of a let down, felt that the place wasn't as good as it used to be. In fact it was a collective opinion of the group. The burnt beet and orange salad was not even true to its name. Beet wasn't burnt and there were hardly any oranges, it was just greens leaves with scarce feta cheese drizzled. Even the burger wasn't up to the mark. 

Kind a disappointed by the whole experience."
"Loved the place.  Good ambience, played nice music,  enough privacy was given with good service.  Ricotta and paneer kebabs were to die for!!"
"xcept for th name there is nothing gud about this place. Food was below average . drinks average. Cheesecake was .. well still wondering wht was tht..!!! pricing was average . so all in all an ""average"" place .. won't dare to go again for sure."
"There are very few places in Bangalore that gets it all right like Monkey Bar, Indiranagar. Deceptively potent cocktails (Yes, I'm referring to the Twisted Lemonade), sumptuous food(The Mobar Caramelized Ribs and Mobar Burger in particular), great crowd and wonderful all-round ambience. Probably one of the best places to spend your Friday or Saturday evenings in Bangalore. Must visit."
"Too crowded on a Saturday night. Having my drink and people pushing by due to the lack of real estate. Too much of a commoners place. Good luck,goodbye."
"Now wasnt this a cool place to hang out. The ambiance gives a very cozy feel and somehow resembles that of the series how i met your mother .Anyways coming to topic, the best part of the evening in monker bar i would say would be the songs played plus the amazing crowd.The food and drinks were more on the average side but overall i must say we just had one of the best times out in bangalore.
This place is not a foodies paradise, rather its more for making good memories :)"
Been there more than 5 times. Was never disappointed. The music is excellent. When you are booze be careful while using the steps to the 1st floor.
"A very social place indeed. We entered a little late in night, everyone was all over the place. The music and ambience was awesome. New to the city and wanna make a friend? You can head there. (I don't know the kind of people you'll befriend. Can't guarantee that. So PLEASE be careful ) I suggest take your friends and go have a ball there dancing. Sadly in Bangalore places have to shut early. I would def come back here with a good set of friends. Place literally brought out the monkey in everyone ???? My friend and I had an unforgettable night for sure."
"7 hungry people, 1 Friday afternoon, 1 table, A LOT of things on it! 

When the redBus.in Experience Design team goes out for lunch, this happens! M for Monkey Bar!"
"Awwwwwsum super cool ambiance. And their drinks are just amazing. Will come again to try other drinks aaj keh lea 3 different cocktails, is more than enough.
Sorry food was ok to me ...."
This place has got amazing burgers.. Starter recommended from me would be tiger beef.. The music is good. Goes along with the kick of drink.. Recommended most during weekdays.. Weekends are pretty crowded.. Werever we sit and drink we got to make DAT as dance floor..
A great ambience to be sipping on some great cocktails. I loved the Mangaa which was very refreshing and not that strong as well. The chorizo was awesome and I still crave for it. Service as always was really commendable. Overall a very satisfying experience at the Monkey.
"Monkey bar is a good place. But there are not many vegetarian eating option, could be better. Overall a pleasant place. Could visit again. Thumps up"
Anyone who drop's by for sunday breakfast should try their pita bread and pandi curry and waffle. Perfect place for a lazy breakfast on a weekend.
"KICK ASS! One brilliant place, awesome light, great crowd. It's very fresh and very active place to spend time. On food, try Brass Monkey, a Whiskey based cocktail and you are gonna enjoy life than other days :D"
"Well first time in monkey bar, went there after a disappointed visit to the black rabbit.
Friday night, getting a table was a challenge. Once we got that, it was a pleasant night :)
The food was Brilliant. Right from the nachos to their fries and then the riccotto, mocktails, the manga, it was all good.
Will definitely visit again and recommend."
"Nice place! Went there with friends who eat only veggies guess what veg side dishes were not bad at all. Good food , good service ,decent DJ.. Fun night! May be next time I will get to have the famous pickled beef!"
"If u love crowds and loud music, this is the place to go! I just love the way the whole place is laid out, especially the narrow spiral staircase and the always crowded gameroom where the snooker just can't be played coz you're always on the waiting list :-P , go here, go crazy \m/"
"Great interiors... burgers are really good ...
Got a great vibe to the place..
I feel they could add more variety to their non veg list..
Great location. .In indiranagar"
"Its a damn good place to chill with friends.You will find it damn crowded on weekends..The party here starts after 10pm on weekends.Yummy butterfly chicken and mocktails.
A place you would wanna go to,tap a feet or two,sing along and have a nice time.Monkey bar is one of the must places to go to in indiranagar.Not cheap at all..you can expect 1200 per person easily.."
It's a good place to party. The ambience and the interiors are good.. Though the place appears to be congested at many times.. There's too less space to dance and people even dance on the doorways which makes it really hard for the people to enter.. The service is good and the bouncers are are the way they should be..A ruckus is created though just after the nighty ends.. It even makes space for a couple of pool tables which is good in a way.. It definitely adds to the place.. Just go on expecting too many people in too little space and you will have a good time.. Kudos to the management though for serving t huge crowd..
"Awesome place to hang out
I lost my beanie here if anyone knows please return:)
And i got wasted there 
Best drinks are seven kingdoms and Manga"
Just dropped in for a drink and dessert :) awesome ambience and yummy floor less chocolate cake :) an awesome place to be with your friends to relax and drink.. :)
"This place has a funky look and has something appealing about it. They had a pool table and a foosball table in the smoking zone. That's how we had spent our time there.
Coming to food, the burgers were tasty. The price is a bit on the higher side, though the quantity is sufficient. Overall, a good place to chill out ."
"One of the most chilled out bars in Indiranagar. We were pub hopping and we happen to drop by Monkey bar and we never left. Such an amazing atmosphere on a saturday night. The drinks were decently priced. We had a couple of LIIT and some kamakaze shots. House music was playing and it was not too loud. We ordered chicken wings and they were mouth watering. In short, it is one of happening pubs in Indiranagar"
"Expected a lot. I'm not satisfied with the service what they are charging for. Drinks are good but, food is not as expected. Warning, don't forget to check your bill before paying the bill. Specifically when u're visiting in a group."
"Went twice ti have monkey ;-) food, had awesome time as its located at the prime location vd a wonderful crowd. the ambience and taste was so good ....roster booster (chicken burger) is  heavy yt yummmmm.lil disappointed vd bao and desert tho.nice place to hangout:-D"
"The rating I wanted to give was 4 but took away .5 for the crowd. Frankly speaking it's too crowded.

Must try over there: Manga & Long Island (do tell the counter guy to make it strong and then have fun)

Never ever try whisky sour... 
Also I found the bill on a higher side so just have a look on the tap"
"Been to this place twice and still I have no idea why people love it. The place is congested and small. The music is extremely loud and the DJ has no idea what he is playing. He neither sticks with the classics or some fun numbers. The service is decent. The food and drinks are good but do burn a hole in your pocket. The aam panna drink Manga which is also the signature drink is well made and a pitcher of it is must. In terms of food the chicken wings, crabs and french fries were cold and not well made. I still have no clue how can one screw up something as simple as fries. The pork ribs, topped nachos and burgers were well cooked and delicious. 
Overall if you are looking for some good music and decent food along with drink then you should prefer some other place."
This monkey bar is a huge upgrade to me compared to the one near MG road......It follows the same norms as the previous ones with some creative and funky quotes and a similar restaurant setting ....i would normally recommend this place on happy hours because it is on the higher side but If you wanna just head out there and get super happy buzzed then Without thinking go for the SEVEN KINGDOMS!this thing as they is the mother of long island ice tea and trust me two of these and you will have an insane high ..and for those with a lower capacity will have to probably sit close to the washrooms :P ....For food.. well ...the chicken wings are terrible ..plz don't try them ...but the beef is amazing ...all the varieties of beef are very satisfactory..especially tiger beef and oh another honorable mention is the butterfly chicken...Cheers :D
Amaaaaazzing burgers. Best is I can play pool n other games . One of my fav hangouts in bangalore
"Food : The real star of this restaurant. Great taste and decent options to choose from. Very few options for mutton lovers. 
Service : Very Good. Stewards were very friendly and kind. Their friendly suggestions on the food and drink to choose is remarkable.
Ambiance : Nice place to hangout. Music is too loud. Separate smoking zone with Pool table. Mostly crowded and need wait for long if you try your skills in Pool.
Price : Reasonable.
Verdict : A nice place to hangout with great food at decent price."
"Classy interiors, fussball table, good service and nice music.Been there once. The best part is that you get Stella altoise Beer here. The pork dishes are delicious. The chairs were uncomfortable. The place overpriced."
"Love the place. Though I am the Business development head of another club, I do like coming to Monkey bar as the staff is polite, food is great and the ambiance is really.....hmmm..... like REALLY nice."
"Funky interiors, good service and yummy food and drinks. What's not to love about this place! I would definitely go back on my next trip to Bangalore. I also hope they open up in Chennai cos Chennai needs a fun place like this."
Great place with great ambience. The food is good. The crowd is young and happening.  The drinks are not cheap. Visit this place when you're feeling rich!
"Why, when people love the place so, I didnt like it so much. (Actually, there are several things that go into making a good restaurant experience... other than just the food and drinks. When I went there, I was meeting a couple of friends after almost a decade and naturally we wanted to chat and exchange notes... the restaurant was, somehow, determined that doesnt happen. The music was SO loud... SO loud, my ears were resounding with it way after I left the restaurant... havent gone back since!) 
My drink - the aam panna drink - Mangaa, is yum. The food is absolutely lovely...the berry pulao, the lamb burger... and the sticky date pudding nice too."
"The place has great ambience and music! It's pleasantly bigger than their other place... We ordered nachos and butterfly chicken with a couple of beers, mangaa and copper money to wags them down... Though the nachos were tasty, I feel they conveniently used bingo mad angle chips instead of real nachos! Overall a good experience."
"Not good place....bad food, we ordered vegetable cheese wanton & got non veg wanton...Apart from that we ordered other stuff also but everything was tasteless full of oil...Drinks were ok.

Ambiance - 2/5
Service      - 3/5"
"As the name suggest, It is indeed 'The Monkey Bar' ,a shelter for monkeys like us who want to hop around the foosball/pool table and of course the table where your drinks are being poured .The place is easy to find and  It is quite shady bar in ambiance serving some great appetizers and the blistering cocktails. 'Ginger Rogers' is one which you don't want to be missed. 

We ordered Tempura calamari served with mayo which was amazing.. Chicken wings were okay.

We liked the service and the hospitality from the team . If you wanna hangout with ur buds  to chill up and have pool in mind, then sure, drop in here  for the amazing evening. :)"
This place has the worse service I have ever experienced.. Today they denied us admission even though they were completely empty.. Apparently people who have come for a short while aren't allowed to sit in their hallowed portals..Freaking treating you like a second class citizen. Pathetic. Never going there.
"This place is a frequent hangout. Love the peppy music, the food, the vibe and even the drinks to an extent. Tough to find standing space if you're headed there on a Friday or Saturday evening. Just love their food more than anything else. 
Must try:
Goan Chorizo Pao, Tiger Beef, Picked beef, Jerk Chicken on Buttered Rice, among others.

Also, don't leave without trying their Signature cocktail, the Mangaa!"
"Great food, good music, fun crowd and peppy ambience make this a great hangout spot. Since I don't drink I can't tell you anything bout that. But the food is amazing! Never been disappointed everytime Iv been there. Also great service and pretty decently priced. Its also great if you're a vegetarian coz there are enough options plus the veg burger is pretty awesome too. Must try the topped Nachos. And of course the drool worthy burgers!"
"Visited with my girlies and being Friday it was crowded but still were lucky to get the place. Ordered cocktails which is never disappointing. And as usual our fav food Keema Bao and Caramelized Pork Chop which is the same taste whenever you visit. This is why i love this place. Ordered Reddys Chicken was a proper south indian taste. So for good music, drink and food, Monkey Bar a must to visit."
"Superb place, best crowd, awesome music, lip smacking food. Its a must visit for Friday/sat night hangouts. They have some of the most awesome cocktails. Really like the monkey sour. Sunday brunch is also very famous, yet to try that."
The drinks here are out of the world. There are two places in town which serves great cocktail; the one being HRC and then this one. We went on a Saturday with friends who were visiting us from Mumbai. Didn't have a reservation so had to stand by the bar. It was packed yet the service was quick. The service staff was courteous and attended to us quite fast considering the crowd. I am a particular fan of the whiskey sour and this place makes an almost perfect whiskey sour. My friends tried the traditional manga and it didn't disappoint. A must try for cocktail fans.
"If you're a fan of Hollywood, this is the place to be. Has great food and music. Plus free pool and foosball. The burgers were sumptuous and fulfilling."
"A superb late lunch in a chilled out place with a great vibe. In some ways, it's similar to Social on Church Street with a slightly more upscale feel and definitely a wider age group of patrons. Interesting cocktails - mangaa and michilada (could've had less tomato juice though it's the first place in Bangalore I managed to find it) and a range of eating options make it a worthwhile place to visit. Valet parking helps as well."
"Amazing place! Great food.
Very reasonable. Must try hot wings,butterfly chicken and not to forget the kickass chicken burger! Definitely worth it."
"I went there on a sunday night for a birthday treat with a bunch of my girl friends..and I'm in love with this place..loved the decor, music n food..their beef burger is the best I have had till date..a must recommend! Would definitely go again :)"
Saturday nights are  cool... Good music and good food and drinks... Love the crowd and then the entire place turns into a dance floor post 10:30 ish....  Like the place...
Good place to chill out with friends and family alike. The decor and mood is super and the place fills up quite fast on evenings. The food is good and the staff are quite friendly and efficient.
Had been hearing a lot about this place so decided to check it out on a weekday afternoon hence very less crowd. Service was good. Ordered beer and their famous nachos which was really nice!  Had a good time. It is decently priced.
"Good food, music, and value for money over the weekends. Gets really crowded though, so get there early and watch the place come alive. Best place for the monkey's"
"Best bet to spend a weekend night! This place is very famous and hence gets really crowded. But, that just adds to the fun here. People start dancing to some good music here and you have to traverse your path through banging heads in order to reach the bar counter. But, it's a great place to Party!"
"Awesome burgers monkeys! Love the ambience  too - very non-pretentious, very meh and the right balance between contemporary and traditional.

It feels a wee bit English when you step in and love that whole feeling!

I am just not giving you a 5 cause you were out of stock on coffee on the 1st of 2015! Who does that!!

The lamb burger was to die for."
Wat a night!!! The DJ is really good. Great music. The highlight of this place is the aam panna vodka drink. Soooooooooo good!!! A must try place for a great time.
"Last Wednesday, my group party people forced me and pulled me to this place. Initially I thought this place might be a bit boring but it was totally opposite. We people had an awesome time. It has a good ambience. The staff were gentle. The place has a very good feel about it. The DJ played great hip hop tracks which reminded us all of our college days and we created a dance floor near our table.
It's not at all expensive. We had a veg and a chicken burger which were really kick ass.
Next time will visit the place on a weekend."
"Was here last evening n the place was quite crowded...This was my first visit to the Indiranagar centre. Expectations were high because of the a few of there offerings being featured on polkacafe.com. Was quite disappointed when I hear the cocktail  ''Soul Kadhee'' which had been featured is no longer a part of the menu...beverages were just about decent...coming to the food aspect, the options were very limited especially for vegetarians. Still, there Jerk Inspired Chicken is worth a try...Service was a downer...Have had much better experience at there other centre..."
"Decided to step out for lunch on a sunday afternoon.
Ambiance : 
Old English pub like setup. Loved the tall tables and the stools. there was something on the first floor but did not get a chance to see it. the seating was very comfortable. Retro Music, reminded me of my college days.

Food : 
1. Loved the laksa, ordered it with less of coconut milk. One of the good laksa's that i have eaten in India.
2. Bombay Vadapav : Good : Served with mint chutney and fried green chllies. Missed the Garlic dry chutney.
3. Murugen Chichen : Good Taste, worth trying
4. chicken nuggets : Decent, my kids loved it.

Service : 
Very courteous staff. My kids were all over the place with their Hoopla and they were very patient.

Overall : Surely worth a visit. I think the place will grow on you."
Heard great reviews of this place however was utterly dejected.Someone seriously needs to re look at the menu and quality of the food being served.
"Amazing ambience! Lovely food. Rocking DJ -  no stop tapping feet, Loved the experience ????

Amazing crowd starts to be there post 11. So do join Friday's and Saturdays with yur buddies and enjoy"
"Ambience- Really awesome
Staff- Very Polite and knowledgeable
Crowd- Great
Food- We don't take much. What we took was great.
Prices during the breakfast period are alottt cheaper than other times.
Must visit place!"
The gourmet gastropub by Manu Chandra contributes to a burger evolution as they offer mind-blowing burgers with a unique and different patty in each burger. They serve great fries and serve vada - pav with a twist. I love visiting this place and often recommend it.
"Monkey bar is a place you can't get bored at. They have a pool table that's always occupied but if you wait long enough you'll get to play. 
Its fun meeting friends here and you will always bump into someone you know."
This is a hyped up place no doubt partly because it's new. But saying that the pub has a good ambience and the cocktails are good. The food is also good but the portions are very small. We were in early so we got our place but we did leave early as well by 8 cause the music was not engaging and we got bored.
"Nice place to hang out. The food was okay. But the music was loud and it was hard to talk. For a drink, they used dry ice for creating the smoke and it was fun watching."
"Well it has been one of my favourites from the time it has opened its doors. One of the best gastropubs in Bangalore and a must place to go chill.

The staff is friendly, food is yum and the ambience is simply too good. Them old posters on the wall and that red scooter hanging down next to the Dj console make it really feel home for a biker, traveler like me. In simple words if u haven't been here yet, get ur arse up, grab ur friends and go now...!!!"
"For me this is one f d best pubs!its lyk my go to place wneve i dont wanna check out new bar joints. D ambience is amazing with quirky posters all around. D crowd is fun and always up on dier toes n d dj is a no-disappointment! D food is delicious.. chickn wings being my fav and ofcourse d burgers! Polite staff and even if its jam packed, which it is lyk alll d tym, dey neve lose dier cool and serve u on tym. Beer is wt i hve here so i donno bout dier cocktails...but i guess dey r gud..my friends hve seemd to lyk dm. N dey hve pool on d rooftop! Do check dis place out...ul keep coming bck!"
"visited this place with my hubby a couple of months ago. had heard so maybe ch about it so wanted to see for myself. 

well, the place definitely has good music and decent food, but it's not as impressive as I expected it to be.

It's got a very casual atmosphere and teenage / early 20s crowd. the food is a lot like pub food and the prices very average.

the sliders were good, the service kind and quite attentive. the ground floor was vacant, and we sat on top where quite a few tables were occupied.

I might have liked it as a hang out a few years ago. but now it's not really my style."
"I had come to this place for a birthday party at 10 PM on a Friday night. The place was brimming with people. If you like dancing, you will enjoy the music and the crowd. The alcohol is very very expensive here. Just a pint of Heineken will cost you over 300. Come here with a stuffed wallet. Haven't tried the food over here."
"Have been here twice... And its worth the penny spend. Awesome music, good side dishes and awesome drinks. Definitely will make one go high."
Awesome way to end a Saturday... Rule the Seven Kingdoms ..!! Cool place to hangout with friends and rock the floor without even a proper dance floor.  The music funks it up again!! So if u want to party-- hit  money bar..!
"After the last flying, or I should say walking visit to this place we landed up for some quality time during Sunday lunch. And had to upgrade my rating from last time. This time it didn't look cramped for space. Tables are big, there are some huge booth, we sat in comfortably. Draft beer wasn't available :(. But food was very nice. Pork chop, family's favorite, got the approval. Jerk inspired Chicken was delicious, and butterfly chicken was quickly devoured.
Keema Bao was quite spicy, so I liked it. But dessert made our good lunch great!
There aren't too many choices, nevertheless, Sandwich Sundae was layers of tasty ice cream and caramel popcorn dipped in chocolate mouse was lip smackingly good!"
"I like this place no matter what. The place is always jam packed on weekends , so takes an extra trouble to figure out a table but ultimately works out. I had dropped my wallet here once on a drunk night :P Got it back the very next day, thanks to the staff and the lady who found it. I like the food and the cocktails. Usually hangout at the smoke zone by the pool table but works well for me and yes not to mention , dj has always been commendable the times I have been here ."
"Amazing hang out. Great food, sadly on a Thursday night with half the crowd, the service was very lethargic. Had to remind multiple times to get things as simple as a glass of water and ice. I had a taste of the Manga which was delightfully pleasant and refreshing.  Veg starters were simply fantastic. 'Absinth' on the menu was the real eye catcher, a must try, may be next time !
EDIT: forgot to mention, I ordered for a Captain Morgan Spiced Rum, the waiter served me as Cap Murugan :) :) .. Little monkeying around was fun, ... Mo Bar, can go Bar bar ;)"
When the music is perfect everything falls in place! The staff is amazing they are so friendly and funny that just makes us feel so comfortable ! A good place to go!!
"Superb place to chill in Indira Nagar. For some reason, during our visit, fifty percent of the place was packed with expats. They have a pool table in the smoking area and this was more crowded than the bar itself :) . Also tried their famous red velvet waffles which they serve for breakfast.. somehow I didnt really understand what the fuss was about. Although I wouldnt call this Bar reasonable by any standards, it has a new age kind of vibe to it. the Mangaa Pitcher at 1600 bucks, some sort of Aam Panna cocktail was quite different. The spiked Nachos as always are a must have at this place. Must visit once at least to see what the fuss and hype is all about :)"
"Tasty food specially butterfly chicken,good crowd and music,nice drinks and great ambiance.One must try this place on weekends.Should visit a bit early on weekends otherwise its bit tough to find place."
Good music good place to hang out on the weekends.... But the food sucked. Dint like any of the veg or non-veg starters that we ordered... Including simple nachos!! Fatty Bao is a better place to eat after good music and drinks at the bar below!!
I just hv one word for this place.. Awesome! This place in bangalore is worth going man..!! Such fun!! U are missing something if u have not been here still.. And a must try is butterfly chicken!! ????
"Superb place, good crowd, drinks and food too.. Rare combination of all:-)
One of the must visit places in Bangalore. Always full over the weekends."
"Visited monkey bar for the first time last Sunday. The ambience is really nice, it's somewhere you can unwind. The music they play makes you want to dance. The place wasn't too crowded, surprisingly. 

The spiked nachos didn't really live up to its name. There was nothing special about it. Wasn't very impressed. The drinks weren't too great either. Ordered a crystal blue (cocktail). I enjoyed the salt around the rim of the glass better than the drink. 

All in all- wasnt too impressed with the food and drinks but I wouldn't mind visiting again"
"i went to moneky bar on a day that i was emtionally so drenched up. my friends took me there for dinner and i must say the place didnt dissapoint me.   I enjoyed their pork dish( cant recall the name)  and pumpkin  rice , and also the butterfly shapped veg starters.  the staff was friendly & crowd was cool."
"Delicious, consistent, affordable bar food! I almost won a cocktail contest here once, haha and i appreciate how well the monkey bar team takes care of their customers and followers online. It is a small place (the church street location) and can get very busy. 

Good vibes, good food, good drinks and a legit menu, im a big fan of the Monkey Bar :)"
"A favourite in Indiranagar, this place is a larger version of Castle Street.Same quality food - Bang Bang Prawns, Tiger Beef, the Calamari and the Hamburger are to die for.The whiskey cocktail is my favourite - Monkey Sour but  most people enjoy the Mangaa a lot more.Good Vibe, Decent service, fairly priced and good food."
Super packed place.. must visit but only with confirmed table reservations! Amazing music... well done ambience.. good drinks.. food looked appetizing - Will definitely revisit to taste the food...
"Value for money: 3/5
Ambience: 5/5
Food: 5/5
Serving size: 4/5

Overall a nice place.
Went there with the team for a destressing mid-week meal and it turned out just fine."
"service is a let down, servers seem uninterested, the old monk cake is the only saving grace! compared to the Delhi outlet overall experience is a deep contrast."
Awesome awesome place. This place always takes u to another level. Best pub in Bangalore period. Friday or Saturday this is the place where everyone is forced by the dj to turn into a monkey.
"Being best at food and drinks as always, this place is ever entertaining . Great music! Watch out for a Remo flute fusion music plugin. Brilliant surprise last night it was."
"The look and ambience of the place is nice. Mangaa is a nice drink to try which has Aam Panna in it. 

Didn't like the food however. Nothing great. Better options available nearby."
"Have been to this place couple of months back with my friends. True to its name 'Monkey Bar',U see the cute monkey pictures all around-on walls/food/Menu and  even the bill. We witnessed people really having a great time; sipping on the beers, cocktails and other beverages. To keep the momentum alive, there was pulsating music playing to which party-goers danced and swayed along. If this was not all, there was also foosball and pool table to elevate the experience. Getting seating was unimaginable so we settled ourselves to a table nearby the foosball and called for a couple of drinks. No doubt MANGAA is the best drink on their menu.Overall the place is really worth visiting."
"I love Monkey Bar - the Original one. Went to Indiranagar branch to explore the possibility of playing pool and foosball in the same culture which ashok nagar has. The Food, drinks are same - I mean good. But ambiance is fine and don't expect the same play crowd one can find in the main branch.

Pros - Vicinity (if you stay in Indirangar), Good Food, cocktails (try manga)
Cons - Game culture is not like Ashok nagar one"
"Went for a office party on a weekday night. The starters(especially the calamari) was good, but the main course was really mediocre.Got overcharged on-1) Burgers2) The longisland iced tea3) Jager Bombs4) Extra VAT of 5%(Donno whether that was education cess??)5) Service tax was charged on overall bill instead of Service Charge."
I had really bad experience being there...... Not value for moneyFood sucksstarters okalso as always cheating on bill. service tax on over all bill amount.
"Was on the places to visit list for a long time. Finally made it to Indiranagar thanks to a friend's birthday. Lured by the offer of Happy hours from 12 - 4, we signed off early fm office....alas, no happy hours (so, someone needs to fix whats on the web!)
The watermelon Mojitos were outstanding! 
So was the food - some pork starter, and the laksa...so also the chilly cheese dragons --- all very very good.
Was almost empty on a friday afternoon - I wonder why!  but ensured we got good service.
The price , for me, was a bit high (specially since we had expected happy hours!) but very good overall experience"
"Really liked the place. I visited on a Sunday & hence I'm very sure this place would be even better on a Friday or Saturday night. Ambiance is fantastic. They have a separate area for smokers. They also have a pool & a foosball table which I personally guarantee will always be occupied.
In drinks I tried a lot of cocktails like seven kingdoms(they call it ""mother of all long island ice teas""),Mangaa(vodka+aam panaa), Sambuka(nice scent) & Jaeger bomb. All were great. As simple as that.
In food I tried butterfly chicken (fantastic), keema bao(almost fantastic) & veg nachos (not so good).
The only downside is that bill turned out to be 2000 per person (4 people)."
"I've always been a fan of monkey bar! Went for breakfast here today! And the experience was average! 
We ordered the pandi and pita and a Cuban sandwich! 
Loved the pita bread it was soft and delicious. The pandi curry was good but a little watered down.
The Cuban sandwich looked and tasted equally delicious! 
The cost is on the higher side. But worth a visit."
"This is one cool place in indiranagara you should visit.
Cocktails they served here weren't so  great. It was OK OK.

We had ordered some chicken dishes which were yummy and had some special taste."
"A rustic watering hole where all genre of people can enjoy their awesome food and music.
The best I have tried here are their wantons , go with either the veg/non-veg. The cheesy wantons are yum and melt in your mouth.

The burgers too are good. 

As for the drinks, I love their presentation."
"Loved the food there. My favourite was pork ribs, the meat was so juicy and tender. The ambience was rustic, really loved the feel of the place!"
Oh my good.!!the food the place the people the surrounding the ambience the music it's amazingly awesome..:) especially the nachos and chicken ;)
"Wouldn't recommend this MoBar  and that too especially in the Pub street of Bengaluru. More roomier than Brigade  one but somehow couldn't pull out the ambience of the same. 
A strict no to the beer lovers and food is mediocre. Not worth the hype."
"Nothing special to offer in menu. Music is rather sad, DJ is playing in some isolated place which makes it even sadder. Beer lover would hate it because you do not go to pub to drink pint."
"Went to the Monkey Bar for a weekend breakfast. We were a large group so we managed to order almost all the varieties of egg! :-O!
Good range, even if some of the tastes had only minor variations.
Recommend the Kejriwal, cheese pirogis and Eggs in a blanket.
The breakfast was rounded off with French toast and red velvet waffle, with the waffle winning out.
A good place for breakfast, shame it's only available on weekends."
"Great place to go for a wet lunch. Has all the right things - pool table, interesting food (the chorizo pao is slurplicious) and well priced booze. Also love the decor (would recommend that Game of Thrones fans and Star Wars fans check out a particular picture - have attached it).

PS: loved the monut (or some such thing that they just introduced on 16th october). Its strangely food.

Picture courtesy: Harsh Shah"
"Makings of a good hang out place, Monkey bar is more of a pub than an eating joint as most restaurants in Bangalore. The ambience and music is obviously good. The food is innovative and finger food is.good but the menu could be more diverse and expanded a bit."
"Do try the chilli brain, and liver on toast. Good collection of cocktails. Music's pretty decent. I loved the caramelised ribs - so no complaints."
"Came here with 3 friends on a Friday night around 9.30pm. Nice place to hang around with superb music but not so spacious, not was also nothing great, very expensive but the pool table is a plus point."
"A nice hangout place for young crowd. The place is generally over-crowded on most evenings and you might find it difficult even to move around without bumping into people :) But the USP of this place is crowd and music. The ecstatic ambiance fills you with joy and excitement. Food is good and drinks are slightly costly. 
Overall, a good place to visit once in a while to unwind."
"Came here a few weeks back for a nice lazy Sunday brunch. Which it was. Reasonably good food. And quite heavy. As usual we over ordered. . The non veg food was better than the veg..However, though the waffles were nice, they were too stingy with the banana on the topping (only 3 thin slices!!?) That id much rather make at home. . There was a choc banana milkshake which was kinda nice... kheema bao was good. Wada pav average.  That platter thing with the mushroom cutlets, backed beans , tomatoes etc was yumm."
"A fine young bar to spend the evening with your best buds.
Ambience.. Very simple yet like a sassy country bar where all you see around is a bunch of happy folks having a good time.
Food...Yet again very good compared to their residency road. Especially the way how they present it.
Price...well if you're not much of a spender like me for alcohol, I wouldn't suggest this as the bill might get heavier than a chimpanzee if you wanna get happy drunk."
Most happening of bars I've been to lately. Saturday nights are full packed with best of crowd ! Strongly recommend 7 kingdoms .... And a li'l bit dance post that !!
Great place within Indiranagar vicinity and is Infact one of the best additions to Indiranagar which already has many breweries/clubs and lounge bars!! Gets a good crowd in and is lively on any day!! A must visit for anyone who wants to have a good scene with great cocktails being prepared!! Good management running the show and is always open to feedback!! Been a regular here and would always reckon advise anyone to check the place out ????
"Great ambience ... Good food ... Nice music.
I loved the butterfly chicken... Tasted good... Ingredients well chosen ..  Veg kebab starters were great too... Sloppy joe is a good choice for pork lovers 
Manga drink ..supposed to be famous but i did not like it. Instead The one with litchi was really good. 
Spiked nachos was tasty and filling .. . Music and service was pretty good. Price was decent compared to other restobars in Indranagar. Not very cheap but not too expensive as well.  I would Recommend this place for a good evening meet up."
"Great place to go on a Friday night. This place attracts very good crowd. However, finding a table is a Herculean task. This place boasts of a small and nice menu, but unfortunately some of the drinks we wanted to try were not available. In the food side we had ordered only a Chilly Paneer and it was yummm! The DJ was playing a good mix for a Friday evening. Would definitely recommend a visit there assuming they can get their place sufficiently stocked for supplies."
"Heard a lot about this place from my friends. Sad to say,but I was disappointed. The non veg starters were not up to the mark. Not much of choice for the starters too. Ambience and the crowd was great."
"Great cocktails (read Manga)
Good food good feel good music. Good times 

Wherever we party MoBar pulls us back every time.

U are gonna be an all time favourite."
"Been here several times now and yet to be disappointed with the food and drinks. Given its EXTREMELY busy state, the service is pretty great as well. Went at 12.30am on a weekend and still got exceptional service and had a really great time!"
"Roomier than the older (first) MoBar and better looking with a little more attitude. It still features the profusion of pop-culture posters that seem a little random. The black-boards are more clever, though. This MoBar is equally popular and is difficult to squeeze into on a Friday night. Service is a little less friendly and easy than the first MoBar, but you won't notice the difference unless you go there for breakfast (or lunch).

This MoBar serves similarly nice (but light) cocktails, refuses to serve draught and dishes out yummy food. So go forth boldly, get drunk and order the Bork, Pandi & Pita and the burgers."
Great food and great cocktails. Great ambience and they have a separate gaming room. Cocktails are a must try. And it is situated close to 100ft road. Good location.
"Monkey Bar is exactly like its name suggest, its open spaces, food and games are all about monkeying around. I love that they have well trained and fun staff and a busy smokers section with a foosball and pool table. 
The food is a notch up from pub grub, but well adapted by Chef Manu Chandra, to cater to the alcoholic youth of the city! Chicken wings, Mangaa, Pizza and the classic MoBar burgers make for a great meal.

The casual ambiance makes for a perfect place to stop by after work. If you are new to the city, its a great place to check out."
"Great place, great food great drinks especially the cocktails  service a little sloppy as they forget drink orders. all in all a place to visit"
"I came here on a saturday evening, finding the place to be not so crowded. I haven't been to the other Mobar, so cannot compare. The ambience seemed apt enough for a decent cafe/pub. The most eye catchy thing was where the in house dj was placed.
Coming to what I ordered, the food was amazing. Especially the Dragon Chilli Cheese. 
I would suggest this place as a good hangout with friends! The staff was friendly too but a little sloppy. All in all, a decent evening spent."
"Chanced upon Monkey Bar on a Sunday morning and decided to give it a try.
The music was good as was the decor.
The menu was an absolute delight although when the food arrived we were disappointed.
The portions were lacking and the prices were not in proportion .
Sorry but not reccomending you guys !"
Just in love with the burgers here. It's finger licking and the place is a nice hangout option for indoors. The ambience & the interiors both a superb. Had a lovely time here.
"Great Food and good music, I would definitely recommend the Butterfly Chicken and Mobar Burger"
"We were 4 of us and ordered 4 different dishes. All of us went down with food poisoning almost immediately.  
The waiters were rude and the service was horrible. Don't recommend it at all."
"Nice Place to hang out with friends, have some drinks and enjoy good food & Music.

Food - 3.5/5
Good choice of food, could have done with few more choices in Veg though ;) Bombay vada pav and Dabeli are my fav :)

Drinks - 3.5/5
Good choice of drinks, all that it is missing is a brewery, they have run out of Stella and corona everytime i have been there !
Music - 3/5

Decent enough music, could have done with better speakers and better DJ ( looks like he gets songs of Billboard top 100 ;) )

Conclusion - nice place if you are looking to hang out with some friends over few drinks and snacks......for music and beer lovers a strict No-No !!"
"The place is located in the prime 12th main in the indiranagar, hence very easy to locate. Were here late on a sunday evening and were lucky to find a table without any waiting. The ambiance of the place is bricked style which adds to the retro look of the place. The music played was good. The service is prompt, with no delay at all.  We had some beers, I liked the pink devil ( pink sangria) and would like to try the bullets and bombs in the menu. 
For starters we had the potato skin which is really a heavy dish as we barely managed to finish it., along with the veg kabab interestingly it is served with the pavs, that was a combination i have never seen in any other drinking place. 

Liked the experience here."
"Havent been to the other monkey bar so can not compare it to that, but as a place this is a really good hangout joint, especially for the weekend drinks. 
Firstly the place is pretty spacious, seating is good, ambience and music is also very pleasing. 
Staff is very friendly. The lady who took down our reservation for seats was very cooperative even though we were quite late. 
Drinks served were good, they recommended us some really good cocktails. To go with the drinks the starters were really good. You should try the nachos and also the non veg starters which were all pretty good. 
Only downside maybe the cost. The place was a tad bit too costly for the places in this category. But looking at the overall experience this point maybe ignored. 
Certainly a place to go again and chill with your friends."
Average food and drinks. Didn't find it value for money.
"Ambience : 4 - reminds you of your college days, fun crowd. Can be way over crowded, especially weekends. 

Food: 3 - honestly, the food is quite average. Nothing really stands out. Spiked nachos are good although they really are not spiked. Not a dash of alcohol whatsoever. Good variety for meat eaters. For vegetarians, this is one place that needs to go above and beyond cheese. Really.

Drinks : 3 - unless you're going for hard core alcohol, all other cocktails are really weak. I've been here before a couple of times but this time was a real disappointment. As for non alcoholic beverages, I've no words. No taste at all. 

Service : 3.5 - the staff is attentive although it does get difficult to get their attention at times. Can't blame them, the place is always roaring. They know their menu well which is a big plus if you ask me.

Music: 4 - always play fun music; hence ensuring a good time."
"We can't get enough of this place. It's one of those you keep going back to. Let's start with the ambience, which will immediately put you at ease and make you want to not budge from your place for hours on end. Then the drinks. We have tried the entire menu of mojitos,  can't pick a favorite. But all were absolutely delicious. Starters: spiked nachos spot on. Butterfly chicken disappeared from the plate in less than a minute. So far everything on the menu is worth trying. They have a pool and poker table down stairs too. The waiters are a delight, friendly and very helpful! And if all this was not enough end the perfect evening with gooey chocolate cake and you will  definitely returning. Only complain. Wish they had all day breakfast!"
"Visited monkey bar indhiranagar multiple times... Have enjoyed Manga so much I've been trying to replicate it at home... Food is good but portions are pretty small. If you haven't had the manga yet, must try... Good ambiance and music every time"
"Great atmosphere, brilliant staff and awesome nachos (a must try). But drinks are expensive."
"1. They loot you by billing things you haven't ordered. Cautious! They charged us for cigarette which we din't order and argue saying ""Why should we charge you extra""
2. Very very Expensive
3. Good options for drinks and friendly servers"
Atmosphere is nice.. Little on the expensive side when you look at drinks.. Overall decent.
"I love this place!!!! The moment you enter here, you know this is the best place to just forget about your worries!!! I felt like I was back in my college days... The ambience is great! Downstairs a few tables with the bar, upstairs a few more tables and a room where you can smoke and play foosball and pool to your heart's content:)... The service is just superb... They become friends with you telling you what's good and what's not and also talking about themselves:) we ordered chicken wings and cheese nachos for starters that were superb:) followed by a goan chorizo pao, veg go! burger, cheeseburger and a bacon wrapped hot dog:) along with beers and breezers.... Well the results were happy faces belonging to happy stomachs:):) it's a great place to hangout with friends.... Will definitely visit again:)"
If music makes you high.This is the place. You have to definitely try jager bomb and manga.And dabeli will add amazing flavours to your taste buds.Best nachos I have tried.
"You should try their ""Seven Kingdoms"" drink. It really is the mother of all LIITs"
"Amazing vibe.. Cool place to hangout with frnz.. They got this unique amazing cocktails u got to try them all my fav ones are the manga and copper monkey.. 

Not to forget some really good food they have and apart from the regular ones you find in most of pubs.. Must try thr Vada pav, chilly brain, pandi curry n yes the Burgers are good."
"Very Bad. Went for a drink after a hard day's work. But none of the waiters bothered to even look at me. The owner was walking around but she was more interested in joking with her staff. Asked for starter n something nice in pork. But there was so much of vinegar in it n it came with bread. And finally mybill was thrown on the table. 
I guess they dont like a guy walking in alone. 
Will neva go there again."
"This review focuses on the breakfast.  While I have enjoyed a few evenings here, when the place turns into a happening popular pub with barely room enough to stand, the breakfast scene is completely different, with more than enough seating and seems more spacious and comfortable. 

I have been here twice for breakfast and had similar experiences both times. 

The food was outstanding on the whole. The French toast was soft, fluffy and moist, with sweetness oozing through. The keema bao is like a momo stuffed with keema, optimally spiced and again superb. The Congress sandwich remind one of some of the delightful sandwiches sold on south bombay streets. 

The service is generally fast and courteous.  Both times though 1 item was forgotten by the waiters and came very late, post a reminder, but they were suitably apologetic about it. 

Slightly expensive but bangalore standards,  but not by much."
"Extremely amazing food!! Outstanding bar menu and its amazing how many of the traditional cocktails are turned into their own improvised brilliant versions! My only complaint is the seating could be improved to accommodate more! But absolutely love the food, service and music!"
"We decided to try this place one night. Our son was sick so we had to do a take away. We ordered the butterfly chicken, Cuban sandwich, cheeseburger and another burger. The burgers had absolutely no taste. And that is an understatement. It was like the chef had gone to the butcher, got the meat and cooked it, with no steps in between. Even the cheese in the burger did not help. As that too had no taste. Needless to say both burgers went into the bin. The butterfly chicken was good, the Cuban sandwich ok. Really disappointed. Don't understand why this restaurant has such a high rating in Zomato."
"Excellent place to chill out. But too crowded even to walk, they should concentrate on controlling stag entry. Very hard to make conversation due to high volume even though the speakers does not co operate. Overall if you are new to the city, worth trying."
"Place gets extremely crowded. Music switches abruptly from decent rock 'n' roll to horrendous ""buchik-buchick"" hipster ""tunes"". Expect to find people doing the monkey dance and girls spilling their drinks on you, only to realise in slow motion three minutes later. A friend of mine even told me that she saw women dancing on table tops one night. Apart from that, decent food and service."
"The ambience is too good, one of the best in bangalore. They have very interesting menu, and there is quite a variety of starters you can order. But i feel main course doesn't have so many options especially for vegetarians. The food taste is ok, the drinks are fine too.  We ordered flutterfly, nachos and caramalised pork. not even a single item tasted wow but they were ok type. Drinks were fine though.

Food: 2/5
Service: 3/5
Ambience: 5/5
Cost: 3/5

It's more or less a good place to be but not that great."
"Been here on  a Thursday night of long weekend the previous week.. Managed to get a table for 8 in first floor..  In addition to the pool, there was table football.. It was most sought after and ended up playing with people around.. Coming to food, we tried out butterfly chicken, spiked nachos and pork based started.. Butterfly chicken was just fantastic.. The outer portion was crisp and accommodated the fillings well... A bit sweet.. We ended up ordering one more...Nachos were loaded with cheese. service quick and good.. really liked the ambiance and once again the table football !!!"
"Honestly, there isn't much to eat. Extremely busy, if you are planning to go on a weekend, you better have booked a table. But I gave this place a 3/5 cause of the ambiance and the drinks. Slightly overpriced but a nice place to get your drink on."
"nice chilled out place, good choice of food ...liked the fact that they served vada pao (though highly over priced but yum).."
"Have heard about this place a lot and decided to give a visit to MONKEY BAR, Indiranagar. I went there on a Sunday evening so quite obviously the place was quite full. However we got a place to sit. 

The ambiance is pretty chilled out . They play good music and they have a big screen too in case if there is any match going on! So one can enjoy the music as well as the favourite match. They didn't have beer pitcher, they had the cocktail pitcher. So we ordered a cocktail pitcher and few starters. Food is good however a little expensive. quantity is average. The drink was good - however didn't really give me a kick!

What I loved the most was the quirky coasters with amazing quotes! The service was prompt. we ordered one 3 starters and a pitcher - the approximate cost was Rs. 3500 which I thought was Ok.

The only thing was that the quantity could have been better of the food. Anyway, its a good place to have a happy and relaxed time with friends."
"Love the place...drinks..ambience...but something is surely missing...people do eat veg food with drinks... If I order a mushroom satay, I don't expect to get 3 petit sticks...so yes snack options..portions...need a relook..."
Is a decent place with okaish ambience and interiors. Music was also on the dull side. Menu is good with wide variety but I personally found the costs little high. Overall an average experience & hence the 2.5 !
"Definitely a must-go place with friends or dates. Great aesthetics. Great service and good music. The food is simply excellent and filling. A decent selection of drinks too available. 
Only flipside is the lack of a decent restroom. 
And it is slightly overpriced. 
Else, it's spot-on for a good time. Cheers!"
"I was never a fan of monkey bar at Woods street but went  to Indiranagar one... And, it was average.. Its not a place to desist going to not is it a place to look forward to going... Being a Friday night, it wasnt crowded which was a surprise. The cocktails are fine but what about a bar which doesnt serve beer on tap? Thats not a bar i will go to again... Food was ok.. Ambiance better than the woods street branch.. But when you are in Indiranagar and have so many better choices, why would you go to this place? Next time, if i run out of options!!"
"Went in for a drink and found place to sit on a weekend. That is a good start! 
Ordered the drinks watermelon Mojito and Mangaa. Both these are very good and Mangaa comes well packaged (color and container). Satisfied, we had to have more of them.
The Tikki for joy that we had along with the drink was not bad. The frying had taken away some of the mustard Bengali flavoring expected but it is not a bad accompaniment.
The service can get a little better. They were slow in the beginning and then eager to rush us out towards the end when the crowd built up!
The place is done up well and the music is nothing that will make you either sit up and take note or feel the interference from."
"Visited the place with friends before leaving for holidays... Nice ambience,place is situated somewhere little hard to find,place is too hyped,costly drinks and food, service okayish...snacks served were not that great in taste..overall a good experience as the ambience,the time,the company and food was nice. ..can be recommended once...."
"Manga : Go for it and no second thoughts 

 Burger and pork ribs are to die for. I love every thing about that place 
1. Food & Drinks
2. Ambiance 
3. Crowd 
4. Atmosphere 
5. Service 

Do visit on Friday"
"Pretty cool ambience to start with, we came here without any reservations on a Sunday evening and were pretty surprised to find nice comfortable unreserved tables. Place is pretty cool having a trendy experience along with a good quality of music which added to the whole experience. The staff was very friendly and warm and helped us for every lil thing we asked for including charging our phones. Food choices were pretty unique and tasty along with a variety of drinks available. The rates too are pretty reasonable giving you a worth the money experience and doesnt leave you shellshocked in the pocket. Moreover a pretty decent experience if you wanna have a fun filled night with your friends."
So far the best pub i have visited in recent times. Good place to chill out with friends with great food and even better with free billiards and foosball table
"One of my favorite places to eat in Bangalore. Everything from the ambience to the food to the entertainment here is awesome. Try their dumplings and cheesy spring rolls; they are a fusion between Chinese and Mexican food. The wall posters they have decked up the place with are really fun and quircky. A great place for all times breakfast, lunch or dinner"
"Situated in indranagar and definitely one of the most happening places on weekends. I had been here to catch up with a few friends on a Friday night. The place was packed as expected. We waited for a while at the bar and after 20 mins we got a table in the smokers room. 

Moving on to the food and drinks, I ordered the mangaa cocktail which is bound to surprise you and the twisted lemonade which can get you pretty tipsy! We ordered the spiked nachos and pepper chicken for starters which were equally good. Must try the burgers here but only if you have been starved for long.

Would definitely visit this place again. Good music, great cocktails and blissful food! Couldn't ask for more! 

Ambience: 7/10
Service: 9/10
VFM: 7/10"
"We just had a fun party at this place.  Firstly, service was great... Credit to our man Chandra!  Usual beers n some interesting cocktails.  We just had starters but they were all amazing.  Butterfly chicken, pepper chicken, spiked nachos, and pork ribs were all made really well n tasty.  Ultra cool vintage n pop art on the walls add to the otherwise street decor.  Pool table n foosball for added entertainment."
"Chilled out place to hang out for an entire evening! Super cool interiors...creativity goes a long way! They hv put in a lot of thoughts for the entire place! 2 floors of happiness ! :) Amazing music, kickass food, crazy drinks, cool games.. One helluva place ! All in all, a must visit with your buds! :)"
"I have no clue why I came to this place.. Saw good reviews  in zomato & thought of trying this on sunday evening.. Music is not so good.. They have smoking zone next to pool table and it is so congested.. Ppl literally hit you with a stick while you are smoking.. We ordered for calamari and it was the worst i have tasted ever.. Some quick gun murgun chicken was good but was extremely expensive.. Service is ok. They have valet..but not able to understand whats so special about this place that, it is so hyped.. Place is extremely expensive and I wont go there again for sure!!"
Try maanga. One of the most happening places in bangalore.  Try to teach by 7 30 on a Friday and saturday if you want to get a seat else be prepared to stand for the next 4 hours.  Good music.
"Great place, nice interiors. Insane tricky lemonade! Perfect recipe to ensure a good evening! The price is a bit on the steeper side though."
Nice. Small place .good ambiance and mature drinkers ..great host... Nice food different menu ...have visited twice ..would like to go again
"Pretty decent to hangout n chill. Has some interesting stuff on offer. The aam panna n vodka is a definite must-try and the burgers were also good. The only slight disappointment was the quantity of the starters, and the limited veggie options."
We decided to pick this place on one saturday to celebrate one of my friends success...but all our excitement disappeared after the food arrived..we were a group of 6 so there were 6 dishes ordered and not even one lived up to our expectation...we ordered chicken sliders which were unnecessarily expensive and were served in very small tiny portions...we also ordered beef and pork buegers.. the pork burger was still ok compared to the other dishes...the beef one was too dry and after you are half way through it you get tired of the taste...the only thing which saved our evening was nachos...I think this place is only if you wanna drink and accompany your drinks with some starters...definitely do not go with the main course..
"Monkey bar is always super fun. The drinks are awesome, the food is delightfully innovative and the music is great."
"One of the few places that gets a good rating from me, in every department - food, drinks, service, ambience, music, crowd, space, etc. We ordered the Mangaa pitcher, which i tried for the first time and loved it especially the raw mango pieces in the drink. Also, in food, i highly recommend the Galouti Killer in appetizers and the Pandi Curry and Pita for main course. The Pandi curry was perfectly cooked and the flavours were bang-on. Another place where i really enjoyed the pork - which was so soft that it literally melted in my mouth!!
And since we went on a public holiday, the check-in on foursquare got us free shots, which were good too."
"This bar is one of the best hang outs for a drink, good music and fabulous food. 
The veg burger is huge and has a delicious patty. The fries are fine but I would love it if they had some seasoning with it too.
The butterfly chicken is a beautiful and flavorful dish. Looks amazing just like a butterfly.
They dont take reservations and its super crowded,so you need to inevitably wait on weekends.

An awesome place to have a drink with friends and some fun.

Rating - 4/5
Budget 2500 for 2
                                                                lohith1509.blogspot.com"
So far my favourite place in Bangalore. Food is Great! Ambience is great! Music is amazing!! 5 on 5  :) <3
Now wen I think abt monkey bar de oly word dat cmes 2 my mind is how mind blowing de plac is.. One of de places were u wud c de most cream crowd of Bangalore .. Place is huge.. It gives a proper feeling of a pub / lounge .. I tried vodka with lime cordial der n it was off de hook.. Place is a lil expensive though bt worth it !
"Well, one of the best place to visit if you are of 4-6 friends in a group. A waste for couples. Liked it but not impressed"
Great place for a casual pubbing experience full of great food. Their pork dishes are really great especially sliders and pandi curry with pita. The crowd is typically good and large in size over weekends. The sporty kinds have a pool table to be engaged with and the dancing kinds have good music to look forward to.
A very nice place to hangout with friends... Nice ambience... Good music... Food was also very nice... Just the right place for a weekend party... The interior gives the feel of Hardrock... Good service... A must visit place...
Monkey bar didn't live up to the name when I visited last Saturday.  The food was quite ordinary and expensive for small portions of food. The burgers we ordered seafood sliders and chicken sliders were quite dry and it could have been much better. The Mobar pork was also not appetising. The only saving grace was the Chicken nachos and the sloppy joe burger which was good. But the ambience was good and lively.  Overall it was a disappointing experience maybe cause I expected more from a place like monkey bar.
"This place never disappoints and the food is great and the best thing about it is that it's consistent. A big shoutout out to our favourite waiter Sanjay, who's always offering us the best."
Good food and the waiters are helpful. Loved the drinks n a cool place to hangout with friends over weekend
Nice chill place to be. Good ambience and free pool tables. Excellent burgers
"[VEG] Monkey Bar is a good place to visit on a weekend. Though its completely crowded (and this branch does not accept reservations). The ambience of the place is a mixture of elegant and rugged. Most of the interiors are brick, wood and dimmed lights. And good music (though it is extremely loud). 

I visited this branch after visiting Monkey bar on Richmond Road. The feel of the place, the interiors is almost similar to the other one. But the other branch was better!

The food and the drinks are good. The Mangaa is a must-try. Its really tangy and chatpata! The food is average. Nothing that stands out (especially for vegetarians).

The crowd is really energetic. I recommend this place for a weekend night!"
"Brilliant ambience. The interiors were catching my eye every now and then. Pork lovers, this is the right place for you to treat your taste buds. Sanjay (rather, the whole staff) was awesome. A bit pricy, but you definitely won't regret shelling out that much for a place like this."
"It's been quite some time ago that I visited this place but nevertheless... The whole set up of the place doesn't resemble a bar since it is way too polished and neat! Nevertheless it is not bad at all! The food was decent and nice although more on the expensive side! The more important part, the drinks... Totally worth it! I love that they have a smoker room and thank god on weekdays it's not crowded so that even some non smoker wouldn't mind to enter it! The facilities of pool and dart in the smokers cabin give a good opportunity to meet ppl casually, one of the actual purposes of a bar!"
"Contrary to the Richmond road one, this monkey bar is lacking on two fronts. Good music, good food. The first might depend on the day. The second, tho, is not acceptable considering it is a ""Gastro pub"". The same dishes show great variance in quality between the two locations. Ludicrous.
Lacklustre nachos, loaded skins, etc. Quite disappointed. Considering their Sunday bfast is actually quite good I don't know why they struggle with the basics.

Otherwise, the ambience and service is decent."
"Visited the place by chance... the ambience is pretty good and my wife and me had high hopes from this place... Service was nice, but alas, these were the only good things... well ... I guess the special of the day was 'oil', with the starters literally dripping in it... The drinks were average and grossly overpriced for what they serve... Tried the berry chicken rice, in which there was neither chicken nor berries (save some chicken skin)... Go here for the ambience and a free cardiac arrest..."
"Visited this place with high expectations but was utterly disappointed. The red wine sangria was awful, the appetizers were floating in oil and the portions were miniscule. Their so called berry pulao was disgusting as it had chicken skin instead of shredded chicken as mentioned in the menu. I guess the chef is specializing in giving their patrons blocked arteries and high cholesterol."
"We landed up in this place by chance as the original intent was to go to Fatty Bao ... But somehow landed there ... 

A pretty cool place to enjoy drinks though will not be able to comment on food as didn't try anything.  The cocktails were very interesting but for some odd reason they were highly priced and could beat the prices of the finest bars in the city ...

Please note: we had changed the base liquor from IMFL to imported ( vodka was changed to Grey Goose and whiskey to Black Label) still it did not justify the prices ...

In all a great experience the service was immaculate ..."
Awesome place to hang out with friends...really cool....must visit for any one who is cosmopolitan....
Really nice place. Was here for a team dinner. Manga and tiger beef are highly recommended. Music is decent. The design elements and attention to detail impresses a lot. A good place to be at after a hard day at work.
"Favorite hangout destination :)

They have some amazing drinks served in funky glasses. The food menu is good too.

Music varies depending on the DJ

Must try drink - Aaam panna (vodka based)
Must try food dishes - the dabeli & kheema pao"
"The worst breakfast I have ever had. Veggie breakfast included some gloopy stuffed veg crepe overloaded with white sauce which was difficult to get down my throat. Got some beans which turned out to be rajma! And that too undercooked. A few raw mushrooms stuffed with something unsavoury. And the best part was the hash browns... My wallpaper tastes better. Paper thin, dry, oily, tasteless hash browns. They really need to google hash browns or better still get the frozen McCain ones. Never eating here again, the non veg breakfast was just as bad. I did however fill my stomach with their fresh orange juice!"
I had been to the one in Richmond road and was already a fan. The one in indiranagar lives up to the fame. Interesting twist on food and drinks!
This place is good to have drinks and enjoy music or watch a match with friends. But the food is very average and portion served will hardly suffice two people. I will rethink if I have to go and eat there.
"one of the best place to hang out, if you are a pool lover this the best place to get ur ass here on sat and fri. good food best service."
"The new Monkey bar comes with its usual dose of great food and innovative cocktails, but this time around its also got more space!! The vibe is always buzzing with people looking to come relax and just have a good time. From teeny boppers to people wanting to unwind after a long day at the office, you can find em all. You can chill by the bar downstairs or move upstairs to their large pool table and foose ball table which is always a great place for a quick competition between friends and fellow foose ball enthusiasts...
With good food and service, it's got the perfect combination for a kick - ass place that makes you always want to go back!!"
Best place to have breakfast on a weekday. The variety and the kind of options they have isn't the usual eggs and toast.. The BBQ pork buns arnt available in the Indiranagar branch which was quite disappointing. It is a bit on the expensive side but it is totally worth every penny. The staff is courteous and the ambience is nice. It's much bigger than the Richmond road branch. :)
There is no reservation supposedly!! Drinks menu is good but the food menu is disappointing!! Please stay away from the hot wings in the starters n the burgers in the main course!! Tiger beef saved the day for us!!
Went on Friday night... Great ambience... loud music.....Pre-booking is must.. the cocktail shots are really best known and are totally worth...MANGAA being the most great one.... the food was really good compared to being a  pub... Ordered tiger beef n pepper chicken...
"Good ambience, good music, decent food and beverage. It's a good hangout venue on Friday or Saturday evening."
"This monkey bar is definitely more inviting than the first one on Richmond Road.
as you walk in it has a similar feel with the double doors, they have kept in interiors very similar, with the posters and the bike parts and the pool table. The crowd here is very different from the first one which is more college kids.
That said the alcohol and food are along the same lines, the star as always is the butterfly chicken, doesn't get better than this (well maybe it would if they increased the quantity - 3 is just depressing)
the chilli brain is the next best for me with the same depressing number.
the nachos are the standard order when we are a big group, always throw in the bbq chicken
we did try the pirogi the last time we were there and weren't too impressed.
All in all a nice place to go to in the evening for a quick beer, good food and fun conversation with friends."
"I went here with my friends on Friday night the place was absolutely packed.

The music was great. Lots of people were dancing. I like the ambiance lots of wood and brick finish. The drinks were reasonably priced. The food was nothing special however. 

Service was excellent! All and All I would 100% go back! Second best bar in indranagar after toit!!!!"
"Well my friend and I never knew that we would end up going there on a saturday night, our first ever visit and we were boggled seeing the crowd (in a nice way). Decent ambiance to hang out with friends who don't have high expectations with music, drinks and food.. Music till about 10 pm was really sloppy and belonged to an an ancient era, though it picked up with all popular numbers by world renowned edm artists (Avicci, SHM to name a couple). Midst heavy crowd, we managed to order chicken wings (our bad, we should have realized that we had no place to sit) which wasn't the usual sweet and spicy chicken wings but a really tangy one (over coated with vinegar) but had amazing blue cheese and feta cheese dips that came along with it (5stars to the dips). One thing for sure, you will never be disappointed with the amount of alcohol content in ur LIITS and Screwdrivers  :P.. worth a shot, u might get lucky ;) i mean with food and music ."
"Amazing place..Nice crowd..Good music..Average food.

A must visit..

Tip: Arrive early on Saturdays to grab a table..Its packed after 9 pm."
"The place is great in terms of interiors and the feel but the food and service is so disappointing. The service is quiet slow and it takes forever to give the order and for the food to be served. Also the starters were served along with the mains, which was unusual. 
I had ordered the Parsi mutton curry and it tasted very bland and flat, the Berry pulao lacked flavour and seasoning. 
The mock tail of the day was an orange based mocktail where the drink was literally a glass half filled with pieces of oranges and half filled with tropicana orange juice. 
Really expected much more from the place. But full marks for ambience."
"MUST MUST MUST TRY their pork sorpitol with pav, cheese double-patty burger and a drink (the name of which I don't remember) which they call the mother of Long Island Iced Tea. Your evening is made! Relaxed place, great service. The waiters Ravi and Angkhul are great at what they do. Will go back and back AND back"
"I really liked the place, the music, the vibe. But very disappointed by the food! I had loved the kitchen at their richmond road outlet, but the same dishes here were very very disappointing. I'd rather a lamb burger at ABC anyday!"
"Monkey bar is a good place to go. Will rate it as below:
Ambience - very good
Music - well you got to protect your ears, its that loud
Food - if you are a vegetarian you wont have too many options to order from the menu. We ordered chilli cheese dragons (very nice), veg kebab with fresh cottage cheese (good), spiked nachos (average), flutterfly (average) and bombay vada pav (good).
A must try place if someone wants to hang out and booze with not too much expectation of veg food."
"The new Monkey Bar is bigger, brighter but a tad less fun. The ambience takes away from the fun party spot the Richmond town outlet is known for. So don't expect to see anyone dancing on the chairs or tables or begging the DJ to stay open past 11! But the food and drinks remain just as good. Don't miss the Pork Sorpotel and Pork Ribs and of course their signature lamb burger. The chorizo pao and chicken liver pate with pao are also spectacularly yummy and well worth the calories! Didn't try too many of the cocktails but the Monkey Mule is tangy, refreshing and on my list of favourites :)"
"A nice place to have a casual meet with anyone. Interiors are nice with all cool posters. Loved this place n mostly the unconventional glasses used to serve liqor. Perfect place to spend time with someone to have chit chat n more chit chat. 
Roger Ginger is a must. Burgers are huge enough for 2 persons with drinks. U get a smoky n barbeque flavor in them, totally yummm....
My ratings:
Ambience: 4/5
Food n drinks: 4.5/5
Service: 4/5"
"I've been reading about this place a lot in the papers but it didn't quite live up to the reputation. It was average. Nice ambience, good starters. I ordered the famous maanga and was quite disappointed at the synthetic taste of it. We should have such to the starters and gotten more of those. Starters were yum. We ordered burgers and they were just okay. Casa picola has better burgers. The bread was too most and filling too oily. The place is incredibly loud and there is a faint smell of smoke lingering. All in all meh."
"Was the ambience good...If I discount the ear shatteringly loud music, and the fact that I had to SHOUT my lungs out to be heard by my neighbour, then yes, it was.
The DJ though was playing the most retro tracks that can be imagined .....Kudos!

Did I like the decor...Oh yes! Comfortable, spacious, wood all over, barn look..apt posters all around...they have certainly cracked the code in making the place attractive for us.

Did the food suck ... Most dishes were too bad including the chilly brain, the Drink-Manga, just too unnecessarily salty. I did like the Butterfly chicken though...

Was there good crowd... Absolutely yes... Anything above 30s to late 30s.

Microbrewery... Thanksfully not!!

Valet...yup they do..

Will I visit again... Yup...will give the place another try purely on decor, location, Fabulous music... 

Worth overeating: Butterfly chicken..

Cheers,
Khate Jao
PS: was bored with my usual experience sharing styled review :)"
"Had a fun time at this place on my first visit earlier this week. It was quite crowded and seemed to have limited tables. So, most people were standing, holding their drinks but the music and overall energy of this place was outstanding. and this particular branch doesn't accept reservations....

The ""play area"" as they call it which is also a smoking zone was packed and overflowing. You cant stand at one place for too long without being pushed by people every 2 minutes. 

Besides limited space, I think they have fairly good music and drinks. shame that you can dance in Banglore pubs, but its not the club owners fault anyway. 

Would certainly visit this place again in future for its music, energy and overall ambience. I hope they have sorted the space issue by then!!"
"I truly like Monkey bar for their cocktails and i love their Nachos, one of the  best i have had in Bangalore.
The only problem here is the limited food range for veggies, which forces me to go elsewhere to have my dinner and the new Menu has removed Ramen noodles from it, which was actually one of my favs. I hope they bring it back.

About the ambience, it is super cool and friendly. You can sit there for hours continuously sipping on your drinks and chatting away with your friends. 
I have gone there many many times and will definitely go there again."
"Went from work for lunch on a weekday, it's not really friendly for an all boys gang. The food is overpriced for the quantity that is served. The breakfast seems to be a hit among mainstream wannabes. Don't bother with the pool table because they'll just give it to a hot chic trying to break the queue. Doubt I'll be going here again."
"The place has a good vibe associated with great watering holes and the chef has made sure that food is good enough , still its a small place and could have done with more seats as such half the time its just standing and drinking ,does not go with my style :)"
"Everytime I eat here, I want to tell all other purveyors of similar fare to give up. The food at Monkey Bar would be a hit in the most competitive markets in the world, New York, London etc. 

That there are 2 in bangalore is a blessing. 

I wish I had an endless expense account and a super high metabolism so I could eat here all day every day

By the way, I am told it's a great place to meet friends and hang out too.( I really don't have a life outside work, so I can't comment. ) 

I didn;t give it 5 stars because I always like to think that the experience could be bettered some day. I really don't know how though..
Well done Mo Bar!"
The worst place in all of indiaranagar. Never been disappointed as much. Don't ruin your night. The road is yours.. Lots of others place to explore..they have no considerations for their customers..very crude. Do not oblige one bit. Don't waste your money here.
Rocking music ...lovely place ... Down to the dinner ...no tables on a sat night which is understandable ...but making ur guest stand all thro dinner n rind them of any other darshni not so cool....! We were informed that we wud be given a table sooner than later but didn't happen... Def one of the most disappointing veg burger eaten ...though they r known for the burgers ...:( pumpkin n tofu curry had no pumpkin n was overpowered by lemon grass...! Might not be the best option for a meal ESP if a vegetarian... But an absolutely chilled out place if food is not so imp in ur agenda...!
"Ultimate experience, great ambience
Great place to hangout with friends"
"Bigger and Better....!! Indiranagar just got more happening....!

Had gone with friends on a friday evening...and at 8 pm itself the place was filled.....!!
Ordered Wild Leaf this time around rather than the usual Aam Panna and it was amazing.
Dabeli and Vada Pav were upto the mark as usual....!!

Loved the way they serve Red Riding Hood...in small Absolut Bottle Glass....Really Cool Guys....Keep it up :-)
Music can be much better....!!

Food 4/5
Ambiance 4.5/5
Music  3.5/5

Anyways...I gotta say.....Hola Monkey Bar...!!!"
Now closer to a lot of us. Great ambience...drinks are what they should be...amazing. Fun place to be at.
"Bigger and more spacious monkey bar in the heart f d city is a reason for joy :-D
Great ambience, decor(not to mention the monkeys and the automobile toys :-P), affordable, delicious food (try the dabeli).. They also hv d foosball table now (yayy)! But the music was sad.. Wish dey cd make it similar to d one in brigade road!!"
"this review must be in comparison. the place is much more spacious and thanks to the high roof! the food, especially the pickled beef and sorpotel pork, holds on to the high standards set. loved the music, at least for 80s oldies like us. decently friendly waiters, and the good old 6-8-group sized tables make it a place i definitely want to come again to"
